IIT JEE Student Testimonials | SKCCareer  
+91 8961655910
Our Centre
AD -89, First Floor, (SKCCareer  ) Sector - 1, Salt Lake , Kolkata - 700064
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Home
About
Courses
Open menu
IIT JEE Foundation Course (Class-9 and Class-10)
One Year Course for JEE Main and JEE Advanced
Two Year Course for JEE Main &#038; Advanced
Results
Testimonials
Success Party Gallery
Resources
Open menu
IIT-JEE Past Year’s Questions
Online Test Series
Board Exams
Mock Practice Papers for JEE
Download IIT JEE Formulae
Blog
Contact
Menu
Home
About
Courses
Open menu
IIT JEE Foundation Course (Class-9 and Class-10)
One Year Course for JEE Main and JEE Advanced
Two Year Course for JEE Main &#038; Advanced
Results
Testimonials
Success Party Gallery
Resources
Open menu
IIT-JEE Past Year’s Questions
Online Test Series
Board Exams
Mock Practice Papers for JEE
Download IIT JEE Formulae
Blog
Contact
Hear The
Success Mantra
Read More
Contact Us For More Details
Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.
Name
*
Email
*
Phone Number
*
Enquiry For The Course
*
Engineering
Medical
Foundation
ENQUIRY
IIT JEE Student Testimonials
It's a well-known fact that the
IIT JEE exam
is one of the most challenging exams in the world. Let's hear from a few SKCCareer   students about their experiences with the   and IIT JEE's success and how they managed to overcome its challenges.
Navneet Agarwal , lIT-Bombay (Computer Science)
I always dreamt of being in the best institute in the best branch. And here I am today pursuing Computer Science (B.Tech) in IIT-Bombay. A large reason for this dream coming true is Shatru Sir. From Day one of his coaching he was very interactive with the class. His motive is to make every student understand before moving on. This helped me cover a lot in the coaching itself. And in case of doubts he was always available for clarifying them. He used to keep the atmosphere joyous while teaching which clearly showed his passion towards teaching. This also enabled everyone to be involved in the class lecture. His friendly behaviour enables the students to interact more in class and I used to enjoy attending his classes. Until the very last day before the exams he kept us motivated by giving us ideas on how to approach the papers and not to panic under any circumstance. It were his vital inputs because of which I can pursue my dream today. I am very thankful to him for all he has done and wish him all the best for his future endeavours.
Pramit Das , Indian Statistical Institute, Kolkata (B. Stat)
Shatrudha sir taught us maths in 12th grade. His mantra was simple: read the question, understand the question and answer the question. He explained complicated calculus topics very lucidly. His problem collection and techniques in coordinate geometry are awesome. He always used nice little tricks to solve complicated questions conceptually. I really benefited from his teaching.
Advay Pal, AIR 2808 (JEE Advanced 2015) joined National University of Singapore (NUS)
Shatru Sir taught me mathematics in class 12. His lucid explanation of concepts and intuitive approach to problems greatly improved my ability to understand and tackle various questions. He was always ready to clear doubts. even if it meant a 4-hour session or a long conversation on the phone, and I have personally benefitted a lot by having him as my teacher.
Apart from being a mathematics teac her. Shatru Sir is a friend, philosopher and guide. He went out of his way to motivate all his students, and to encourage them in case they were in low spirits. His motivational lectures. frequent text messages, and inquiries into the state of our preparations ensured that we never forgot the ultimate aim, and that we always strived to achieve it. He was always there to advise us regarding our problems, and went out of his way to help every student regardless of their academic performance. On the whole. Shatru Sir has played an instrumental role in my preparation, and I am extremely grateful for having him as my mathematics teacher for the JEE.
Sanjay Ghosh , BITS Pilani (Computer Science)
First of all Shatrudha Sir is more like a friend who inspired me than a teacher. He makes difficult topics like P&C seems easy by using pictorial analysis, which proved immensely helpful. From WBJEE 10.000 ranker in my first attempt, to getting into BITS Pilani, a lot of it owe to Shatrudha Sir, who taught me to think objectively and cared deeply for my progress as he does for all his students.
Thank You once again Sir.
Aman Ranjan , ISM Dhanbad (Computer Science & Engg)
Shatrudha sir is an awesome teacher, mentor and a good friend. He maintains a friendly environment during the lectures which makes us really comfortable to clarify doubts. Most awesome thing about him is that, you can call him at any time, ask doubts and arrange doubt clearing session. Apart from this, the tips and tricks about preparation and attempting paper are really helpful. During JEE these tricks helped me save time and score more. I am really thankful for the one year I spent with him.
Tathagata Biswas , IIT Bombay
Shatru sir is the reason why I am here. He can make anything easy for the student. His teaching technique is unique &#8230; he changed the meaning of a &#8220;problem&#8221;. His unique teaching method was really helpful for the beginners. Overall he is more a friend than a teacher which makes him more special.
Avirup Kundu , lIT-BHU, Varanasi
Shatrudha sir has helped me a lot. He prepared me better than anyone else could for JEE Advanced Maths. He had a unique approach to teaching, which did not always focus on rote learning. His behavior towards us was more like a friend than a teacher, and this helped to form a strong bond between us. He focused on the basic concepts and cleared all our doubts whenever we asked him. He has a big role in ensuring that I scored well in JEE Advanced 2014.
Binita Banerjee, RG Kar Medical College
I know, I know&#8230;the first thing everyone will notice is where i got selected, and yes, its medical.
Thinking about what Shatru sir can do for a medical student, who could not get govt college in her passing year, dropped a year to acquire a seat for the Same, and did not touch maths for a year? Well, the answer lies below. Shatru sir to me is MAGIC!  The constant motivation, courage, strength, will, Judge, guide, friend and what not! His articulated guidelines led me to this platform I am in.
His knowledge about life and beyond is exemplary.  At times, I literally used to ask him, &#8220;Sir, accha jayega na exam?&#8221; And he always said zaroooor&#8230; That boosted me all through the year. Thousands of his lectures and examples made me reach here.
I owe him a lot for my small step towards success. P.S: this one is a strange testimonial but the purpose is to know that each and every student should follow him and his path blindly..I repeat, blindly.
Sayak Chakrabarti, IIT-Kanpur (scored 122 out of 122 in Maths_JEE Adv-2017)
I joined Shatru sir's classes in class 12. He is a great teacher and a guide. With a huge collection of problems, he helped us get accustomed to a variety of problems. His problem solving method is also great&#8230; He used to solve problems seeming to consume lot many steps in a few lines. He also taught us how to solve numerous problems under a short time constraint. Shatru sir also cleared our doubts readily. When numerous doubts were given we could always find an email from him with solutions to those. I would like to thank him for motivating and helping towards performing well in jee advanced.
Nilabjo Dey, IIT Delhi
Shatru sir has been more than a teacher to me -he has been a friend,teacher and a motivator simultaneously.Shatru sir started teaching me maths in class 12.He always tried to ensure that there were no loopholes in our preparation because weaknesses in certain small things can prove fatal in an exam like Jee Adv.Sir's teaching methodology ensured that we had a lot of practice and were acquainted with lots of types of problems.Time is a very decisive factor in these exams and Sir's time bound practice sessions helped me improve on both my speed and accuracy.Thank you Shatru sir.
Arnab Jana, IIT-Bombay
Shatru Sir is an ever nice person, more of a friend than a teacher. He teaches the topics in an interesting manner and explains all the details quite nicely. He also gives time to clear our personal doubts. He not only teaches us mathematics but also gives us a fair idea about things happening around and shares his own experiences which helped us a lot. His practice sheets and regular tests with their analysis helped us a lot, besides some online tests which we appeared at home. All these efforts by Shatru sir really helped me in cracking iitjee and other competitive exams.
Rupayan Sarkar, IIT-KGP
It is said in the scriptures that a teacher is like a candle: he is a person who consumes himself in order to disseminate light,so that his students may achieve salvation.I ,Rupayan Sarkar,only half believed this proverb until I met Shatru Sir,one of the many teachers who have helped me to achieve what I am today.
To say Shatru Sir’s classes are simply interesting would be an understatement:His unique way of explaining concepts that are in general difficult makes him one of the very best of teachers .His humour ,abiltity to look at concepts in a different light and his support for any kind of student be it somebody who is a fast learner or a slow learner,makes the student feel at home.I personally remember that he taught me the topic “Permutations and Combinations”-a topic which I had dreaded for long,in such a lucid and conceptual manner that I never had to look back again.
Shatru Sir has thus been a constant motivation to me.When my JEE Main did not go well he was the only one who pulled me up and said everything will be fine in JEE Advanced ,with the result that I am a student of IIT Kharagpur now. Last but not the least,his treats have been delicious!
Thus his classes are a journey in itself!
Dewang Kr Agarwal, All India Topper, ISC-2019
Shatru Sir has always been a great mentor, friend and teacher. Treating the class to some patties after a long class or cracking some jokes in the middle, he always manages to lift the student’s spirits. He explains complex topics very intuitively and makes sure every student has understood the concept well. Sometimes the class would become so interesting that i would lose track of time. Shatru Sir always kept motivating us and pushed us to achieve our best. He has made me fall in love with math.
Dibyajyoti Dey, IIT (BHU) Varanasi
When I joined Shatru sir in the later half of class 12, I had barely finished my syllabus and was 0% confident with my preparation. Moreover maths was surely the weak link and to add to that I didn't even know at that point of time what were my weak points and what were my strenghts in maths. But Shatru sir's immense and diverse collection of problem sheets and questions made me realise that. More so, I was able to turn some weaknesses into strengths through continued time-bound practice which I lacked earlier. This was probably the biggest contribution towards me securing a rank as it helped me develop patience, mental stability and learn new approaches to different problems and to save time. Above all sir is the friendliest teacher one can ever find and at the same time strict and persistent on what he feels is needed at the moment. As much as did sir's calmness and jokes help me so did his timely scoldings. He once while we were chit-chatting a lot said, &#8220;Aise, nehi hoti beta preparation. Tum Mila lena aise karke exam clear nehi hota.&#8221; and that was necessary for me atleast to hear that then. Motivating us through out and being a source of help whenever needed. I still remember he said, &#8220;Parlo beta. Abhi tumhe wo Karne ka mauka mil raha hai Jo Baki life mein aur na karna pare.&#8221; Best thing about sir is his responsibility towards his students. He just won't leave your back untill you get your admission in college.
Thank you sir for everything and the treats too.
Rishabh Gupta, IIT kharagpur
Teaching is a very noble profession that shapes the character, caliber, and future of an individual,all of the importance that I received in my life is because of him.He is very humble and kind personality,he is more than a teacher to me and if you want jee prep+fun+perfect guidance,trust me he will be the best option. At the end of year or two, you wont just do maths u will be loving it.
He used to resolve our doubts at any time, even when he was at home taking rest,i asked doubts and he left all his other work and resolved my doubts,he is greatly dedicated towards his students.
If u are depressed,just sit with him for 2 min and he will give you the red bull of motivation.
Thank you sir, for making a year of my life memorable.
Sagnik Roy, IIT-KGP
I joined Shatru Sir's classes in 12th standard. Before joining sir's classes, Maths had always been a weak link in my armour and my performance exhibited great variability- from very good to very bad. But sir's teaching methodology , regular, rigorous tests and vast collection of questions helped to even things out for me. His greatest contribution is that he taught me the importance of time management. Sir is more of a friend than a teacher and knows how to bring out the best in his students. He did not hesitate to lengthen his classes if he felt his students had need for it and was always available to address our doubts over WhatsApp. His frequent calls and messages kept me motivated, especially in the last few weeks before JEE Advanced and helped me to strive harder to achieve my dreams. I am thankful to Shatru Sir for my performance in JEE Advanced.
Saikat Mandol, IIT-KGP
I was a part of shatru sir's esteemed classes for mathematics at his  . I am extremely thankful for the continuous guidance and motivation I received from him. Maths has always been my favorite subject and shatru sir polished my skills and developed my problem solving speed to quite a high level. His daily exercises and problem solving steps have facilitated my approach towards JEE preparation. I once again thank shatru for providing inspiration and suggest my fellow junior students for learning mathematics under shatru sir.
Sandeep Prasad Shaw, IIST (Aerospace Engg.)
Shatru sir has been one of the most caring and inspirational teacher I've ever met. The first time I met shatru sir when I joined jee coaching after the 10th boards & I'll never forget the first class&#8230;it was so inspiring. Sir's way of teaching is unique and very effective&#8230;he used to explain even the most difficult topics in a easy and intuitive manner with fun elements now and then. Sir was always ready to clear our doubts..be it in class or on phone. His classes were not only about studies but lessons that would always guide us in our lives. The most important lesson that I learnt was to get the &#8220;Timing&#8221; right..not only in exams but in literally every aspect of life. Sir always motivated and guided me during tough times. It just cannot be expressed in words how much sir has helped me. Even at the time of councelling, when I had to decide between IIT & IIST, shatru sir cleared the doubts and hesitation from my mind.
I was really fortunate to have such a superb teacher, guide, mentor in Shatru sir & it was a great experience In one sentence, Shatru sir was such a teacher who would give you something to take home to think besides homework. Thank You sir.
Spandan Poddar, Chennai Mathematical Institute (CMI)
I joined shatru sir in class 12.I feel that my concepts in maths were not that bad but it was perhaps my lack of practice that might had led to not scoring enough in the subject. Shatru sir's regular practice papers really helped me overcome my drawbacks to quite some extent. Sir is more of a really good friend and a superb mentor . His last minute suggestions helped me a lot. Also regular practising of conceptual and tricky problems helped me improve my subjective approach to the subject , which in turn also helped me to clear the ISI and CMI entance examinations. Sir also cleared my doubts to quite some extent and he really encouraged me right when it mattered the most.I am really grateful to have a teacher like shatru sir and without him I perhaps wouldn't be able to achieve what I've achieved.
Thank u Shatru Sir !
Jyotsnaa Gupta, IIT Roorkee
He was precisely methodical in making one learn and it was because of him that maths became my favourite subject. His regular test sessions and medley of questions helped me increase my speed, manage time and tailor my weak areas, Even in my drop year, he was like a backbone for me&#8230;constantly providing me questions, suggesting me books, giving me outlines of the exam day. He held on to the problem unless one completely understood and never hesitated to make one come at par with the question one was facing trouble with. A friend more than a teacher, an amazing person, thank you sir for all the lessons, I really owe you big.
Kaustav Paul, IIEST Shibpur, CSE
I was quite fortunate to have a teacher and mentor like Shatru Sir. He is solely responsible for converting my mediocre self to a student capable of taking the pressure of JEE. When I joined EDUPACE   in class 12, the first thing I realized is that Shatru Sir is more than a teacher. He is a mentor who loves to keep his students motivated. His teaching methodology is quite unique and scientific. While dealing with the difficult topics, he always took his time to teach the concepts so that everyone could easily grasp them. His formulae sheets were my best companions before any exam and they helped me to revise in an effective way. Apart from Maths, he put a special emphasis on time management. During exams, it is really difficult to execute the art of leaving difficult questions. But through repeated mock-tests and problem-practice, we were able to master that skill pretty well. During doubt clearing sessions, he used to leave no stone unturned and his sense of detecting my weaknesses used to leave me in awe. His unique teaching style and friendly nature set him apart from the other teachers. Days spent with Shatru Sir were the golden days of my JEE journey. Without your help, I couldn’t have dreamt of cracking JEE. Thank you Sir for your constant support.
David Gokimmung, IIT Roorkee (CSE)
Entrance exam preparations can get monotonous and hectic at times! One needs not only a teacher but a mentor to guide him/her throughout the process. Luckily Shatru sir was there to guide me! Convinced me to do smart work rather than just hard work. He changed my perception on maths! And made it way lot easier and interesting. He laid emphasis on my doubts and cleared them on spot which helped me completing the syllabus in such short span of time. And trust me when I say, he is a benevolent teacher, guide, mentor, motivator and a friend. Kudos to him for my success! Hope every student gets a &#8216;Shatru Sir'.
Kaushal Agarwal, JU,CSE
I joined Shatru Sir's tution for one year as a repeater. I had just managed to clear boards and almost no knowledge of how to prepare for JEE. Shatru Sir has guided me from that zero level. His precise worksheets, methodology has taught me how to approach a question. He was ready to clear the doubts always. I could not realise when I got familiar with the topics I had always feared. He has been my motivation for whole year. Undoubtedly he is the best teacher I have came across. Truly he has been my &#8220;Game Changer&#8221; and I truly thank him for his support and care. I could never come this far without you.
Mohee Datta Gupta, IIIT Hyderabad
I had heard about him from my seniors at FIITJEE and my school and after attending his class for months now I can confidently say he lives up to his fantastic reputation. His friendly attitude towards students makes it easier for us to approach him when in doubt and he has arranged countless doubt clearing classes for me as and when I had asked for it. His time bound problem sheets are a really good way of improving speed and time management. Most importantly we never wasted any time doing topics which are not in the Jee syllabus but are taught by many coaching institutes just to attract students , so no extra burden on the already huge syllabus. During this journey of JEE one has highs and lows , so one has to stay motivated through the entire phase and in that field also Shatru sir shines with his kind words of motivation for his students. Sir comes with the entire package&#8230;thank you sir for being my mentor.
Arya Datta, IIT Dhanbad, ECE
Shatrudha sir, I should use &#8216;The Shatru Sir &#8216;. Because during my jee advanced preparation when I was not satisfied by maths teachers and performing bad in maths, Shatru Sir came as a messenger of God to me. His unique way of teaching, student friendly attitude, and high quality problem assignments made him different from others. In one year Shatru sir improved my maths drastically and it became one of my strongest area. The motivational lectures of Shatru Sir built immense confidence in me. His doubt clearing sessions were just awesome. Words can't describe his greatness. I am immensely indebted to him and so are many other students. Thank you Sir.
Biswanath Dasgupta, JU, CSE
Shatrudha Sir, in one word WOW. When I was in class XI I faced quite a lot of problems in some chapters( co-ordinate geometry).I joined him and confessed all pros and cons of mine. He absolutely didn't ignore it and was at help on spot any time I needed. He gave me a lot of practice sheets ( and a bigset of coordinate geometry sheets as well),I did all those and clarified all my doubts with him. To be honest his friendly behaviour and vast knowledge of math immensely helped me otherwise I am an introvert kind of a person. Whatever I am today Sir has an immense contribution to it. Thanks a ton sir!!!
Sayan Sinha, IIT-Kharagpur
I am currently pursuing B. Tech. 1st year at IIT Kharagpur. It would have been impossible for me to clear JEE Advanced 2016 without the help of Shatrudha Sir. In the year 2014, I was lucky to have him as my Mathematics teacher. The teaching methodology he used made me develop a liking for the subject from the very first day itself. He started with the basics and taught us everything in an organised and presentable manner. This made it very simple to grasp to the concepts quickly. He made us solve a few problems from every topic and always provided us alternate solutions wherever applicable. His classes were full of energy, enthusiasm and fun. At the doubt clearing classes, he helped me understand how to solve problems with an objective approach. Shatru Sir was always available to assist and inspire me. He kept motivating me to reach my target and kept assuring me to have confidence in myself.
Samar Ranjan, Jadavpur University
Shatru sir or rather I would say a friend who walks along with you and makes you overcome all the struggles in academics as well as in life. I joined Sir when I was in class 11 and I think that was the best decision that I took in my life. My way of working on a problem took a huge turn under his guidance. Sir has a huge collection of good practice papers and worksheets which will always improve your performance. Sometimes talking to him boosts you up when you're down. Wherever I am standing right now, Sir has huge role to play in it. Thank you sir for your effort you have put to bring out the best out of me.
Avinandan Bose (WBJEE Rank#1, JEE Advanced AIR#104), IIT Kanpur
I joined shatru sir in class 12. In the beginning I wasn't too sure of what my shortcomings were in maths. Sir not only identified them but also help me fix them. All this took quite some time, but sir was always there to constantly motivate me. He was more like a friend, than a teacher and this made the process of learning very interesting. The variety of problems he provided me with is commendable. His efforts helped me develop speed and accuracy. He also often discussed with me the different strategies during an exam, and as a result I was able to choose the best one for myself. So thank you sir for helping me secure a good rank in jee advanced.
Zaira Haram, ISI Kolkata
Shatrudha Sir's unique method of teaching with appropriate humor kept our interest in the subject alive. His classes were extremely helpful and we practiced more than enough questions for every topic with almost personalized quizzes focusing on the difficult parts. Sir was easily approachable and ready to help anytime we needed him. He ensured friendly competitiveness among us batchmates and kept us vigorously motivated especially during the last couple of months of preparation. Being his student was a great experience.
Areesh-Ul Eimaan, ISI Kolkata
Shatru sir is a brilliant teacher and he makes a complex subject like mathematics easy and enjoyable. He kept us motivated throughout and never hesitated in clearing our any of doubts. Under his guidance, we practiced a lot of problems from each topic within a time limit which helped us alot in competitive examinations. Being his student was truly a great experience.
Pratyaya Bhattacharya, IIT KGP
Maths was always my weakest subject . On top of that some topics of class 11 were still untouched owing to the absence of a good teacher. November was here and a mere 5 months to my joint exams were left.Physics and chemistry were never really a problem for me but maths was.Then i joined shatru sirs tuition and i have never looked back.Practising from his vast set of problems i found myself to learn something new everyday. He also gave me extra classes whenever time permitted to brush up on topics of class 11 which were previously untouched.Slowly i gained confidence in the dreaded subject and began to score better in the tests he took. But sirs uniqueness comes in the form of the motivation he gave us everyday.He never used the words &#8216;BUT' or &#8216;CANNOT' and never spoke badly to us even if we were unable to solve a simple sum. Anybody can draw up a play which can win a game but it takes someone special to stand beside the field and guide his players to victory.
Mihir Katiyar, IIT-KGP
It is not easy for a dropper to keep his confidence intact. But, what if you get a person to keep your confidence intact always, a person who believes in you more than anyone does&#8230;
Shatru sir helped in every which way a student wants to be helped. A good talk with Shatru sir would surely charge you up for the GAME. He had been a constant support both emotionally and academically.
During an extra year, I never bothered solving questions from any other book. Practice is what you need and Shatru sir gives you enough of it.Long hours of paper discussions, various quick and intelligent ways of solving different types of problems were things I never asked for, but he provided.
Just try to match his dedication and that pool of knowledge is yours. It totally depends upon you the quantity you can get.
I can’t thank him enough for what he has done for me and would be doing to all the other fortunate ones.
Aadi Swadipto Mondal, IIT-KGP
I, an IIT KGPian, has several unseen pillars behind my success. One of major of them is Shatru Sir. I joined him in class 12. The main contribution of him is his process of making us solving problems within proper time limits. This has helped me to fight against my FEAR in mathematics. So now I have scored highest in mathematics among all the three papers. When you can beat the fear, you can cross any hurdle. Moreover Sir makes mathematics a fun .Sir has a huge collection of elite class problems and solving them regularly makes even JEE Advanced problems easy. Moreover Giren sir from EduPace   has also helped me during my KVPY exams. So on an overall factor they have a great contribution for my success in all exams.
Avishek Roy, BITS Pilani
In class 11 when I joined Shatru sir's  , I required not just a teacher but then a mentor, a coach, an inspiration, an idol to look forward to&#8230;. Shatru sir was there for me. He solved all of my doubts and his infinite stock of mathematics problems helped me to not only love the subject but to live in it.
I, Avishek Roy would say that Shatru sir is an ace in his field, he not only did lend me indiviual support &#8230;. but also taught me the paucity of time and it's role in the competive examinations.
He is an constant inspiration for any student appearing for examinations like JEE MAIN, JEE ADV and BITSAT.
His methodology, last moment tips and effective choice of problems helped improve my accuracy and speed. Besides the online and offline examinations at edupace   put my skills under test and sharpened them. Thank you Shatru sir for helping me to put an extra edge to my career.
Abhinav Roy, NIT Rourkela
As the saying goes, Success is a journey. not a destination. And in this journey Shatru Sir has played an integral role, as my teacher, and as my mentor. Shatru Sir's teaching methodology is unique and beautiful. His ability to explain concepts so clearly, that anyone and everyone can understand it, is truly astonishing. He provides plenty of material to practice from. He taught me the mantra, The only way to learn mathematics is to do mathematics. He helped me in every aspect of life, not just academic. He not only taught us maths, but also shared his
experience on difterent matters from which i learned a lot. I didnt perform well in JEE the first time. Shatru Sir helped me realise my potential, and urged me to try again and not give up. Under his guidance and constant support, I cracked JEE. I will forever be grateful to him. I consider myself lucky to have found a teacher like him. Thank you Shatru Sir for everything.
Saswata Banerjee, IIT KGP
I joined Shatru Sir's Mathematics classes in class 12, and my outlook towards solving JEE Maths changed entirely since then. Although I was fairly good in Maths already, I was in a limbo back then and could never seem to solve enough questions in time. That was where Shatru Sir came in, and with his innumerable practice tests, he helped me shorten the time taken for the Maths portion of the paper. Not only this, he teaches us the very basis of how to tackle certain problems which use known concepts but it's hard to understand which concepts to use at first glance. Aside from this, Shatru Sir has been more like an elder brother to me than just a mere teacher, helping me through life. I thank him for being an important stepping stone to performing well at JEE Mains and Advanced.
Indranil Mandal, IIT Kanpur
I am Indranil Mandal. I joined EduPace   in class 12 for JEE preparation. Shatru sir is very friendly and helped me to get familiar with the JEE system soon. I joined other teachers also before joining Shatru sir but did not get much help. Sir helped me to improve my speed of problem solving by practicing many problems. He used to give 2-3 papers to be solved under time pressure in a single class. The papers were totally oriented towards JEE including all the question patterns. Sir also focussed on teaching the main concepts repeatedly so that i do not forget them. He used to solve a problem in variety of ways which helped us improve our knowledge and tackle tougher problems easily. He was very friendly and sit with me clear my doubts on regular basis and look into my problems carefully. It helped me grasp all concepts on time and was fully prepared for JEE.
I thank Shatru sir for all the efforts he has given to improve my performance.
Kaizer, IIT KGP
After joining Shatru sir's classes I was immediately feeling myself at the right place. The first thing which struck my attention was the NECESSARY speed in which the class was being held. When a student finds Himself in an atmosphere where time bound problem solving is being thoroughly followed by the teacher himself; His mind slowly adapts the pace and starts representing it in real life. This is what happened to me. There has been a completely different category of problems taught in class which I can Guarantee will not be found in any Commercial Text Book Available. One of the prime point about Shatru Sir is his Frank and Student friendly Personality (which everybody is familiar with). I am pretty sure if anybody can attend his classes right from the beginning and be REGULAR there is no need for anything else. There are many subconscious inferences as well which only a student can feel but cannot write and I confirm that he has the Charisma Of being a Perfect Tutor not only for MATHEMATICS but for all walks of life. I highly admire him as a Tutor and as a Person.
Dibyojyoti Ghosh, ISI Kolkata
Shatru sir teaches maths from basic level to highest level which is necessary for competitive exams.Sir also gave us a lot of practice papers in every chapters which contained huge variety of problems. It helped me in increasing my accuracy level within time limit.Maths class became enjoyable due to him.He always kept us motivated.He noticed my weakness and helped me to recover from it.Under his guidance I cracked Isi entrance exam.I will be grateful to him.Thank you Shatru sir.
Arushka Jain, IIT Madras
Shatru sir is a teacher with qualities of an excellent mentor, guide and friend! He is a highly skilled teacher and he used to keep us updated with all the trends and types of questions .He was always tolerant and eager to help when we had things bothering our minds.Indeed his exceptional qualities inspired us in a lot many ways.He taught us his topics with passion.His own teaching skills make it easier and fun for every student to contribute actively thereby making his class an energetic one.He was like a friend and advisor in our hard times.Surely his valuable and effective suggestions during my bad times did help me swing past them.The success of his students is not his fate,it is his continuous and committed love for hardwork.He was an important stepping stone in my JEE ADVANCE 19 preparation!He really deservs these praiseworthy words.All his extraordinary qualities make him different from others!Thank you so much sir!!
Sankhojyoti Halder, IIT Hyderabad (AI)
In 11th, i first had Shatru sir as my maths teacher. I'd be lying if i say he was just a teacher to me, he was way more. I remember the way he lifted our spirits with his words the first day of our class and to my surprise the spirits never went down over the last 2 years. Unlike other maths tutors I've seen, Shatru sir emphasizes supremely on understanding and concepts yet he taught us many useful problem solving techniques, exam strategies and shortcuts that helped us on numerous occasions. He took responsibility of the student's practice, he provided practice sheet almost every class and conducted 2 or more tests every month which climbed to 4 tests a month in the rear end of 12th. I could call him literally at anytime, be it midnight or morning, he was always ready to help. He conducted a lot of doubt classes as per our requirement. Most importantly, i could talk to him about any problems i faced, not just maths. I'll say that he more like a guardian to me. He played a huge role in my preparation and it wouldn't be possible without him.
Anik Mondal, IIT-KGP
First of all, I want to mention that Shatru Sir is not only a teacher but a great friend and guide throughout the two years of your entrance examination preparation and beyond that. To all his students. One will find help from him in all forms if he seeks. The technique of his teaching and making us practice is very beneficial towards achieving our goal. We regularly practised quality problems and it helped greatly in IITJEE 2019 maths paper, which was one of the toughest papers of all time. He teaches in a very entertaining and pleasing way, often giving us treats. I am glad to be his student. I hope I will make him proud one day.
Richeek Das, IIT Bombay
After having an year of rough ride of JEE Maths in class 11th, I joined Shatru sir (The person with the most ironic name I have ever met), to clear my pathway to JEE ADVANCED 2019. He is a great person with an awesome personality. He teaches the topics in an interesting manner and explains everything in the simplest way possible. He would never hesitate to explain even a trivial thing for multiple times. His class hours were usually long, but he managed everytime to keep us motivated throughout those long hours , with his occasional jokes and tricky maths problems. Studying under him as a mentor, gave me a wholesome learning experience, imbibing within me with a sense of ethics, as well as Mathematics.
Prateek Kumar Ojha, IIT-KGP
I joined Shatru sir's classes in my drop year. And from first day he was a very supportive teacher, a teacher who teaches the most difficult and intricate subject in the most fantastic and satiating way. Shatru sir instilled a feeling of love for mathematics. The sheets he gave were way more than just qualifying JEE, they will entice you with the beauty of the subject. He is not only a good teacher but a good mentor too. He remained concerned about our performances, adviced excellent techniques to improve, had a word when we were down, and motivated throughout until our goal was not achieved. Shatru sir had a great sense of humour and this made the classes way more interesting. Shatru sir is himself a great person, motivator and of course a good teacher and no one can understand that more better than a dropper. I shall be thankful towards him for my life for helping me crack what is known as the toughest entrance examination in India. Thank u shatru sir.
Dyutimoy Chakraborty, IIEST Shibpur
I joined Shatru Sir's class right before the start of class 12. Speaking of his teaching, it must be mentioned that he is a teacher who believes that practice leads to perfection. For every class he would have problem sheet for us, which would be followed by another practice paper to revise our concepts. I strongly believe that his lucid way of explaining the concepts along with the rigorous practice of doing quality problems in class greatly helped me. For me, Shatru Sir is always a friend first and then a teacher. He was always supportive and believed in our capabilities. Whenever any of us would feel low about not performing well in a certain test, he'd always make sure to have a chat right after class. The classes never seemed monotonous and he always managed to crack a few witty jokes during the course of a lecture just to keep our spirits high.He is a brilliant motivator and always taught us that believing in our capabilities was extremely important. All in all, I want to profusely thank Shatru Sir for all his guidance.
Pratyay Dutta, JU, Electrical Engineering
Sir has been more of a doctor than a teacher for the last 2 years. Inspiration would be a gross understatement. His ability to deal with our self doubt and lack of confidence equals his proficience in his subject. Learning mathematics from him was beautiful. His methods and important tricks for competitive exams have come a long way in bringing out the best in me. Will forever be inspired by his charisma and personality. Thank you sir.
Saswata Chowdhury, JU CSE (WBJEE# 66)
Shatru sir is more of a friend than a teacher. His teaching style made me fall in love with the subject. He is an epitome of knowledge and under his heartfelt guidance, i was able to understand the crux of matter effortlessly and solve most of them with razor sharp accuracy under heavy time constraints. His teaching methodology makes him unique. He used to solve each and every doubt regardless of how small or insignificant it might be. All the practice sessions were transformed into exam sessions to get acquainted with the JEE pressure. His classes were always full of fun. Indeed, Shatru sir is The Best Teacher one could ever had. I will always be grateful to him for helping me ace my way to who i am today.
Rajdeep Bhattacharyya, NIT Jaipur
Undoubtedly the best maths teacher i have come across in these past three years of my life, Shatru sir has been a guide, teacher and philosopher for me during my preparation. His teaching method is unique and adaptable, students of every merit level can connect with his teaching. Sir used to clarify doubts of each and every student that approached him with equal care, and was never frustrated with us. He taught us problem solving techniques in short time and the importance of tests for JEE preparation. More than that he was like a friend to us whom we could share our problems with and he has never turned us down. To forthcoming aspirants , the years with sir will e unforgettable, he will develop a new perception in you and make you a better and confident human being. I would love to relive this past year with sir. Thanks for all the support and guidance.
Srishti Samadder, lIT Kharagpur
I, Srishti Samadder, am a student of lIT Kharagpur enrolled in the 4 year B.tech. course of Chemical Engineering. The very reason I can proudly introduce myself as such is solely because of the contribution made by our beloved Shatrudh Sir and my parents. I don't have words enough to thank Sir, for what he has done for us. I wasn't a very studious student, just studying before the day of exam was my routine because of which I didn't prepare anything for JEE in class 11. It was only during the ending months of class 12 I realised how much I was lagging in completing my syllabus all because of the constant persuasion by Shatru sir ,the time he took to make me realise that I was far behind others and of course his incredible teaching. When I was in a panic ky mode he was the one who came forward and helped me study in an organised way. He made notes for every chapter including all the important formulae which made it very easy to study from and solve problems. He recommended good books to study from and his way of teaching is unique in the sense that it is very interactive in nature entwined with humour to involve the students and make them listen, half the student's work is done if they just listen to him in class. He is always open to new problem solving ideas from students as well and is available all the time to help students clear their doubts, be it over the phone or in a doubt session. Not only did he help me with maths but he also tried in his best way to tell me the important topic s to study in physic sand chemistry as well from his own experience as an IITian. It was really a whole new learning experience being taught by such an incredible teacher.
Saranyu Chattopadhyay, IIT Kharagpur , JBNSTS Scholar
When I entered plus 2 I didn't know about the IITs that much hence was not so ambitious to get them. But it was only in class XII when Shatru Sir took my maths class that he infused in me the utmost desire to crack the hardest exam in India. With his constant support I could crack it besides cracking many other exams like KVPY, NEST, NSEP,NSEC,NSEA. Before meeting Sir I used to look down on maths as a dry abstract subject but sir showed me that maths was a beautiful subject and as dynamic and as visual as physics or chemistry, thus creating interest and love for the subject which I believe is the trademark of a good teacher. Thus l owe Shatru Sir a lot for helping me to love maths.
Arghyadeep Paul, lIT Kharagpur
Cracking lIT JEE with a good rank, one of my biggest dreams was a very difficult job especially for someone not so good in mathematics. If it had not been for one man, my maths teacher Mr. Shatrudh Prasad, it would have remained a dream. I was benefited the most from the notes, the training, the ideas and most importantly the outlook of any competitive exam of Shatrudh sir. He was instrumental in pin-pointing our weak areas and giving advice to us regarding everything although we were too young to understand them at that time. But nonetheless, I am very grateful to him for everything he bestowed upon us.
I wish him all the best for his endeavors in making those of the students' easier.
Atlanta Chakraborty, IISc Bangalore
Shatrudha Sir has always been supportive at every instant. Be it the lectures which he has very interestingly taught cracking a few jokes in between or a motivational message during our exams,
he was always there to guide us. Also, he can explain difficult
concepts very easily and looks personally to each and every student's weaknesses and strong points.
Manidipa Pandey, IIT Kharagpur
The maths syllabus of JEE advanced is undoubtedly the toughest one and I was never really confident of scoring good marks in it. But thanks to Shatru Sir, he gave me the proper guidance and motivation that I managed to score decent in the final paper. His attitude towards students and the way he explains all the difficult topics are incomparable. Always ready to help the students even after regular class hours, he inspired a lot. I'm really grateful to him for my success in lIT JEE 2015.
Sandipan Haldar, lIT Guwahati
I am highly grateful for the help you have provided me during my JEE preparation. Your teaching methodology has helped me to understand a concept from different angles. The excellent notes that you have provided helped me to remember the key concepts of each topic. Because of your friendly approach towards students, I was able to clear my doubts whenever I had any. Further your motivational speech helped me to continue through this rough journey and reach my goal. Because of your selfless devotion towards students, your guidance is indispensable to any JEE aspirant. I wish you all the best for your future.
Kunal Roychoudhury, IIEST Shibpur
Master shatrudha prasad (affectionately known as &#8220;Shatru sir&#8221;) played a huge role in my preparation for JEE Mains and JEE Advanced. He paid special and specific attention towards my preparation and guided me along the right path, pointing out mistakes in concepts, strengthening them and providing valuable advice. He always kept a positive, never say die attitude. he kept his faith in us even if we were not up to the mark. He shared with us his experience, and constantly motivated us towards the final goal. His motto &#8220;Now Or Never&#8221; always rang in my ears and helped me stay focused towards my goal.
Sathomoy Ghosh, Jadavpur University
Shatru Sir is more of a friend than a teacher. His method of teaching Maths in an easy way makes the subject easy for the students. His motivational speech was one of the main reason for me to overcome the frustrating exam session I had in 2018. I got around 50 marks in mains securing a rank of above 2 lacs and my wbjee rank was around 15k in 2018. From such a bad condition I cracked mains twice this year got 192 marks with 97.2 percentile and a rank around 30k in 2019. I cracked wbjee 2019 with a rank of 934 and got admitted in Jadavpur University. Really without Shatru Sir I could never have reached this position where I am today. He usually takes long classes of 4-5 hrs but a 5 min joke in between the class just did not let us become bored. Thanks Shatru Sir for everything. I am really grateful to you for your support you gave me.
Chiranjib Bhattacharyya, IIEST Shibpur
There are a few rare teachers whose very presence in the classroom puts your mind at ease. So it is even rarer to find one who can also teach a tricky subject such as Mathematics and jokes with you while solving your doubts. Yes, I was lucky to find such an extraordinary teacher in Shatru Sir. Teaching a subject is one thing but actually making it fun and simple so much so that you keep looking forward to the next class is a teaching art which I have experienced from Shatru Sir. Playing the role of a thoughtful teacher, a well wishing friend, and a gentle helping hand, Shatru Sir's help is perhaps that magic ingredient that I needed to help me get through the competitive exams. Thank you Sir for your help without which I most likely might not have succeeded.
Kushal Chakraborty, Jadavpur University
I joined sir in my drop year and it was one of the few good decisions in my life. Learning mathematics was more of a fun thing under sir.His approach to a problem was unparallel. I have seen him solving some of the toughest problems in some of the easiest ways. From quality lectures to sheets , he delivered us everything what one student needs to preform well. Being a dropper it is not easy all the time , his motivational talks pumped us after every lecture. I am very much happy and lucky to have a teacher like you. You will always be the best for us!
Rohit Sar, lIT Kharagpur
Shatru Sir taught me for most of 12th grade. He was a diligent and sincere educator. A person who always motivated me to do the best I could and helped me through all the times I felt any sort of doubt or uncertainty about the future. He was always very straight forward and practical about JEE prep. He'd screw you over if you didn't do things right and he'd back you up and guide you onto the right path. His teaching methodologies were perfect for JEE and his main strengths calculus and combinatorics made up more than half the entire paper of JEE. He cleared concepts well and gave solid questions that reflected the actual paper. As with most things, practice makes perfect, and this he understood and implemented well. A gem of a person and a fantastic teacher.
Sirsendu Sarkar, lIT Kanpur
Shatru sir has played an indispensable role in helping me prepare for JEE. Sir's teaching methodology is to the point, effective and fun. He constantly kept us motivated and gave his 100% to extract the best out of us. His test series towards the end helped me a lot to get rid of exam fever.
Sir is the most fun-loving, energetic and positive teacher I have ever met. Always kept the class in happy mood &#8230; cracked some funny jokes. He is like a friend to us and not just a teacher.
Abhishek Paul, lIT BHU, Varanasi
I had an average score in my class 10th examination. After moving to Kolkata, the first teacher I interacted in my coaching centre is &#8216;Shatru Sir' and trust me as I say you, it was a life changing moment for me. Unprofessional, supportive and dedication are the words that comes in my mind while thinking about Sir. After god and my parents the only person l owe my success to it’s Shatru Sir. Good problem solving skills are unmatched and he always finds new and innovative ways to solve problems. He has helped many children achieve success and I am proud to be one of them.
Pratik Karmakar, Jadavpur University
JEE was always a tough competition, where only knowledge is not sufficient, we had to set perfect exam strategies and
overcome the nervous pressure. And for that we seriously require a great guide who could put themselves in a student's shoes. Shatrudh sir played that exact role for me while my
JEE
preparations. I seriously owe him a lot for being a great &#8220;friend. philosopher and guide&#8221; at that tough time of mine!
Anubhav Dey, Jadavpur University
Joining Shatru Sir's classes has been key since not only is he a splendid teacher but also a great motivator. In all the moments I'd have been feeling low, he'd help me overcome them and work towards my goal. Intensive problem solving helped us be prepared for handling high pressure situations. He makes sure that every important topic is covered flawlessly. His teaching methodology is clear and his classes are fun and engaging. He is undoubtedly the best mathematics teacher i've ever had the chance to know and i'll forever be grateful to him.
Arghan Dutta,（BSc Mathematics Calcutta University)
I was aware of an exam called JEE Advanced but didn't know much about it till you became my mentor. Mathematics was one of my zonal interests but you were one of those architects who encouraged me to explore the subject more and to persue mathematics as
higher education, You never left any opportunity to clear my doubts in every chapter. P&C were our common interest. Regular practice made us more skill full for competitive examinations. Your humbleness, your friendliness creates a comfortable environment for healthy competitive education. Experience in SKCCareer family though short but was worth remembering, You supported throughout my tough times. Daily doubt discussions, solving varieties of problems made us much more confident to write in JEE Advanced test. Your last minute suggestions were worth remembering. Your early morning treats during Mock tests were best memories to cherish, Your way of teaching just makes people fall in love with Mathematics. I will keep on making you proud sir. You are a real life coach sir.
Debayan Chaudhury, lIT Madras
Shatrudh sir was very helpful during my JEE preparation. His approach is easy to understand and he uses simple and clear language to explain tough concepts. He also regularly held doubt clearing sessions, and was a constant source of conc eptual and emotional support. A sizeable part of my success in JEE Advanced 2014 can be attributed to him.
Adway Gupta, St. Xavier's College, Mumbai
They say life is comprised of tangible responses and ones that you do not understand. The art of education is something that follows this law in inexplicable ways. You might be an excellent student, with excellent teachers, and yet get nowhere. Teaching goes beyond the idea of how much you know. It proceeds into the realm of a connection. one between the teacher and a student. And Shatrudha Prasad is one man whom I have seen has made that effort to establish a connect with every student in his class. After graduating from my higher secondary and with multiple colleges to choose from, it took some time off to pursue the mathematics I like. I was surprised to find that I actually knew mathematics, the way the subject flowed and ebbed. And I have probably only him to thank for it. Sharudha Prasad has his way of teaching students, the unusual clarity in ideas, the effort to suggest examples for ease of understanding and most importantly, treating us like we were friends. The toughest job is to come down to the level of a teenager and make him understand ideas, something which he did very well.
He also never gave up hope on students. In the world today, a vast majority of the people believe in negative psychology, to tell a child that he is ignorant in order for him to do well. It never works, and Shatrudha Sir knew that. Never have I heard him waver from his constant positive motivation. Infact, he used to take it a step further and introduce incentives for us to do well, incentives that would make sense to a student.
Shatrudha Prasad is a teacher that every student needs, and I am glad that I had him as mine.
Abhisneh Singh, BITS Pilani
The subject I heard to be the toughest was maths. This fear vanished when I started my preparation under the guidance of Mr. Shatrudha Prasad. He made my preparation a lot more easier and gradually mathematics became my favorite subject. I gained confidence in cracking the toughest problems and started scoring good marks in my tests. The best thing about him is that there is no formal relationship in the class. When he is teaching, we feel friendly like it's our elder brother guiding us for success. You never hesitate to clear your doubts with him and no matter how many times you ask the same question, he always shows patience and explains the concept properly. He kept motivating us towards our goal by occasionally delivering motivational speeches in the class. He also provides the much needed emotional and moral support during this tough time. Also provided us with tips and tricks to perform under time pressure of the exams and not to commit silly mistakes during the test. His
classes were never boring and always fun filled with lots of jokes which made us feel at ease. Eventually, I cleared IIT-JEE and BITSAT. I also scored good marks in my board exams. I feel that this could not have been possible without the able guidance of Shatru Sir. And to this day I am grateful to this man who is in a true sense, an excellent teacher, friend and mentor.
Ayan Majumder, lIT Kharagpur
Shatrudha sir has been very inspirational for me. He is a great teacher with a unique style of teaching. His teaching allows students to understand difficult concepts quite easily while at the same time creating interest for learning more. He is very friendly and has always been ready to solve doubts whenever i needed him. He is and always will be one of the best teachers i have ever come across.
Sohom Chakraborty, lIT Kharagpur
Cracking JEE ADVANCED is really tough and for me the mathematics posed a hurdle much tougher than physic sand chemistry. JEE mathematics requires much more than formulae and techniques. It is a culmination of formulae, strategies and intuition. Shatrudh sir helped me immensely in improving my mathematics skills from a novice to a person capable of dealing with the innovative questions that JEE poses before us .His teaching methodology of focusing primarily on technique based problem solving and building strong basics improved my performance in mathematics. He was always present to solve my problems in academics and supported me at times when i lost confidence and was not able to handle the pressure of JEE preparation.
Anustup Biswas, Jadavpur University
Hey readers!!! U wouldn't know the actual approach to jee mathematics unless you join the shatru. This man was not only a maths teacher but also a guide and constant motivator. He really worked very hard for us, made practice sheets from his vast collection of questions( which is an ocean) and made sure that they don't remain unsolved. His practice tests were really very helpful.
I was a dropper. After the first attempt I got devastated, however sir guided me through the difficult path. His lifestyle and his attitude towards determination inspired me to work even harder.Whenever I got upset with my marks a few words with sir got me motivated again.This man really know how to make the students tackle any pattern of maths paper.
He is the actual go to person for mathematics.
My rank stats-
Wbjee rank 2017- 4785
Wbjee rank 2018- just 785
This magician just took away a digit.
Thank you sir ( although a thanks isn't enough)
Abhishek Mandal, lIT Kharagpur
During my preparation for lIT JEE the toughest challenge that I faced was maths, the wide variety of problems and concepts were seemingly impossible for me to grasp. That is where Shatru sir, our maths teacher came to the rescue for myself and several others like me. One of the best I have ever seen, his approach to the problems was radically different from most of the other teachers. He focused on improving our concepts which was followed by solving a large array of problems. Sometimes the students were given chance to explain a concept on board. anyone could raise any queries during the class which were solved then and there. The classes were supplemented by regular tests which added to our understanding of the subject. also quality time was given for assessment, to find out our strengths and weaknesses. He was our teacher, guide and a friend. We could approach him with a problem at any time of the day and he would solve it as soon as he get time. This friendliness and approachability made him all the more unique. We all owe him a lot for our success.
Aakash Khandelwal, NIT Durgapur
Few people have inspired and motivated me to be better than I was than Mr Shatrudha Prasad. Called &#8216;Shatru Sir' by his students, he was almost universally loved by them for more reasons than one. Aside from being a great educator, he possessed certain unique character traits that made him a teacher in the truest sense of the word.
His subject was taught in class with a great passion and zeal, albeit in an unconventional manner, very unlike most of the other classes. Proper and succinct explanations were invariably provided for every topic, concepts were made clear, and problem solving skills were honed to near perfection. Sir was always ready to help us in his subject, always went out of his way to clear our doubts.
Apart from being an excellent professor of mathematics, sir was approachable, friendly, and didn't possess any airs of being better' than us, his students. His gregarious, amiable, and altruistic personality towards his students earned him great respect and affection both inside and outside the classroom. Sir was more than a mere teacher, he was a friend, and a motivator to us students, helping us deal with our problems, both mathematical and not, even when he was not obliged to.
I can safely say that Shatru Sir is a teacher of the highest caliber, in every sense of the word. He has been instrumental to whatever successes I have attained in my academic career, and I am certain he will continue to be the same for new students under his guidance, for he is truly passionate about what he does.
Saikat Bhaumik, Jadavpur University
There are many good teachers that I've studied under in my student life who have an amazing hold of their subjects. While SHATRUDH sir is undoubtedly one of them, what sets him apart is how he connects with his students as if he's one of us. Preparing for entrance exams is a mentally exhausting process, and he stayed in touch with me and all my classmates throughout our course and even beyond it just to lift our confidence up. And what I remember the most is this text he kept sending and telling us from time to time throughout the process : &#8220;Now or Never.&#8221;
Sayan Biswas, Jadavpur University
Shatru sir helped me for succeeding in Engg Entrance Exams. His classes never got boring. He always focused on interactive method of teaching. All students received equal attention in his class, moreover all doubts got properly addressed during class hours. He rarely used to keep off classes. He made a point to cover up syllabus well before to maximize revision in the class itself. He always maintained a cool temper while addressing doubts and a very friendly atmosphere during class. Most of the time he was readily approachable for doubt clearing after class hours. I call him a true IIT mentor for his ability to keep students motivated which serves as the key for success in IIT-JEE. His tips and tricks make maximum attempts accurately worked in all the exam ranging from our mock tests to IIT-JEE itself.
Cdt. Saraiswarya Basak, Tolani Maritime Institute
Students are like travelers in a dark tunnel, and teachers are their true guiding light. This analogy right suits my Mathematics Teacher Mr. Shatrudha Prasad. Not to be confused with other Mathematics Teachers, Shatru Sir, lovingly called by us, had an approach different from that of others. With both fun and seriousness, topics are covered along with doubts. He was the one who helped us build a strong foundation in Mathematics, the advantage of which I'm even experiencing in a few topics of Engineering Mathematics. His lectures would surely help you go through both your Entrance and Board Exams.
Priyam Das, lIT Kharagpur
I was under the guidance of Shatru Sir (Shatrudha Prasad) for one year and this one year changed me a lot. The motivational
speeches whenever I performed bad were always to be mentioned first. Sir taught us everything in friendly manner. Covering from the basics to the depths. His sense of humor is what made topics more and more interesting and hence classes were a real fun to attend. His doubt classes helped me a lot. Sir pointed out the ways we can boost our performance and guided us for JEE. He was the most friendly teacher I ever got and will always remain a person whom I admire.
Agnibha Roy, lIT Kharagpur
When people ask me who supplied me the constant motivation to study hard consistently, the only person who comes to my mind is Shatru Sir. He is more of a friend than a petrifying teacher. I really enjoyed attending all his classes. Nobody is a failure or a topper in his class. What distinguishes him from other teachers
is his idiosyncrasy of paying special attention to weak students. He makes sure that we use all our abilities to achieve the best results. He had never failed to complete the syllabus and had given us adequate time for revision and doubt clearing sessions. He is really passionate about teaching which, I believe, is the most important quality a teacher should possess. Lastly, all I would like to say is that - Thank You Sir!
Rishav Dutta, IIEST Shibpur
shatru sir imbibes problem solving skill among his students by making them familiarize with varities of problems. Most of which are deemed difficult by average students not only that while solving a problem he doesn’t remain restrained in a particular approach rather he explores other strategies as well which equips the student tackle critical problems and finally he believes in &#8220;the more you sweat in practice the less u bleed during exam&#8221;.
Reshov Sadhukhan, NIT Durgapur
I am Reshov Sadhukhan. I am a student of Shatrudha Sir, the best maths teacher i have ever met. He played an indispensable and vital role in shaping my preparation for the competitive exams. A teacher like him is really hard to find these days. He not only attends each student in the class but also clears doubt in one-on-one doubt removal sessions. Each and every topic is started from scratch and he moves on only after everybody has grasped the basic concept. His friendly attitude in the class makes everyone comfortable to share even the silliest of doubt. Sir constantly keeps everyone highly motivated towards the goal and gives eye-opening lectures before the commencement of class. Without his help, I wouldn't have survived in this competitive environment. Thank you sir.
Ranendra Nath Basu Mallick, IIT BHU Varanasi
Nice to hear from you, Shatru Sir. You were one of the few teachers I have observed who have been able to connect with students to the extent that you have. In my honest opinion, Shatru Sir, this understanding of students' mindset allowed you to make concepts easier for us to grasp and made the classes exciting for us. Am missing your classes and hope you are still inspiring student like you inspired me.
Rajdeep Pal NIT, Durgapur
After class 12 when I joined institute, I was confident that I II be able to get a nice result in competitive exams, but as days passed it seemed difficult. But I was lucky to have Shatrudha Sir as our maths faculty, he helped us a lot in understanding the problems and developing our skills. He was very friendly too, we could consult him any time about our problems and it helped us a lot in the long run. We were given many problem sheets which had various type of problems. Solving them helped out a lot. And finally he motivated us too, there were moments when i wanted to quit, but it was for him that i came back to track. Right now i am in NIT Durgapur, and I am grateful to him for his help and support.
Deepayan Ghosh, NIT Durgapur
One of the best teachers I've had in my academic career. Direct, straight and above all friendly. Somewhere between the laughter, a difficult mathematics topic would get inside your head with ease. He was always there to sort out problems personally as a teacher and as a big brother. Yes I'm talking about Shatrudha Sir. Always been a pleasure being your student.
Ritika Sarkar, WBJEE rank 178
I joined the Maths class at SKCCareer   in class 12. Shatru sir's lucid explanation of the topics, extensive practice of problems as well as chapter tests at the end of each topic helped me boost my preparation for the entrance exams. His one-to-one doubt clearing sessions and caring attitude towards students really helped all of us. He motivates every student to give their best effort and remain focused towards their goal. He has been a really inspiring and helpful guru and I am grateful to him for everything.
Abhay Agarwal, Jadavpur University
I would never forget the first class by Shatru Sir where you mentioned one sentence to all the aspirants, &#8220;Now or never&#8221;, I'd admit that I was an average guy who'd never make it large without proper guidance. The way Shatru sir teaches Mathematics is mind blowing and test papers for each chapters was just amazing. You deserve a lot of credits for conducting the doubt sessions and to motivate aspirants like us. There is no guy who could be as friendly and supportive like you. Moreover a special thanks for all those parties you gave. You truly are a legend.
Nabanita Sikder, Jalpaiguri Govt. Engineering College
All my dreams seemed to be shattered. All my desires faded away. I cursed my luck. Years of hard work gave no fruitful result. Then I was blessed with Edu-Pace.
It all started in May. I came across three pillars of Pace  .
Shatru Sir, the maestro of mathematics. Without him I can't even think of my achievement. He has been my best friend. Enthusiasm is the vital ingredient for human endeavor. Sir you are the source of my enthusiasm. You made mathematics to me as simple as A,B,C. The way you taught maths is just mind blowing. I pay my due regards to you for your contribution towards my success.
Santosh Sir is inexplicable. It is my good fortune have a Physics teacher like him. Well physics at first seemed quite annoying to me but sir, you made physics to me like a piece of cake. Sir you are the reason I could confidently attempt my exams and my achievements are because of you.
Giren Sir without you I may not be introduced to Pace  . One of my interests and weakness was Chemistry. You made my Chemistry concepts crystal clear. Physical, Organic and Inorganic Chemistry were the basement of success tower.
I don't have much words to express my gratitude towards my beloved teachers. Thank you everyone.
Ankit Kurmi, KGEC
Shatru sir, you are one-of-a-kind teacher. The one I will remember till the rest of your life. You change the paradigm, you made me jump and do things. You are so upbeat that one will feel ashamed of himself if he didn't go to your classes and work hard like you with a big smile like yours. His genuine care about others is beyond this world. You played a major role in my life. The day I joined you I realised that how precious you are for me. You always motivated me. You were the person who used to talk to me and take away all the pain in just a click. Your way of teaching is extraordinary. You don't act like other teachers. You interact with us like a friend. Your support helped me a lot. Keep supporting me. Always keep blessing me. You resolved my doubts any time whether you were busy or taking rest. Your teaching methodology is unique. You are just adorable. Whatever I am today you play a big role.
I am very proud to have an elder brother like you..
Sanjiv, KGEC-EE
I think there is a lot which i could say, attending ur first lecture was like wow, u have been a constant source of motivation for me throughout. I always wanted to be as u are, u were my idol and coming to pace opened a lot of opportunities. I was pathetic at maths and there u came u had so many students and I never saw u treating anyone differently including my friends, every class there was something new coming up. I shared all my problems with u and u always heard them and gave a solution not only in academics but In life too. You are just cool sir No one can be the same &#8220;Shatru”, for me at least u were not only the best teacher but also a best friend. love u sir I couldn’t make it to any of the IITs or NITs but surely sir I will make u proud.
Aishik Saha, Jadavpur University
I never expected to find a unique teacher like Shatru sir. From the very first moment that he taught me, he made me believe in myself. He is not only an exceptional mathematics teacher who presents concepts in a lucid manner, but also a guide who helped me grow through life. Thank you sir for all your support. I'm blessed to have a teacher like you.
Sayak Banerjee, VIT-Vellore
If anyone asked me to describe the SHATRU Sir in one word , I would say magestic. His unique way of teaching and friendly attitude will change ur conception of teachers forever. He will be by your side always supporting u like a pillar no matter how bad circumstances get. The practise sheets he gives will not only help u strengthen ur concepts but also enable time bound practise. He was always there to solve any problem and doubt even at midnight or 7 in the morning. Thanks a ton sir for everything (even the loveliest treat ever). Love You SHATRU Sir.
Sankhasubhra Ghosal, VIT
I studied under Shatru sir for just a few months. He is one of the best teachers out here and literally made me visualise mathematics. His humorous ways and ways to look at concepts really did help me a lot to progress. Sir's classes were always fun, easy to understand and attractive. Once again one of the best teachers out there he is my favourite teacher.
Alapan Biswas, NIT Durgapur
Having a big sale, on-site celebrity, or other event? Be sure to announce it so everybody knows and gets excited about it.
As an IIT-JEE aspirant my journey from school till NIT was guided by some able personalities among which Shatru sir is the only person who played an instrumental role in shaping my career. He is the only teacher in my life who made the subject math so much lucid to me. When i was admitted in class 11 i met Sir, and from the very first day he started influencing me towards getting good rank in iit -jee. He has a unique quality of making the class a real fun and interesting one, he always gave personal attention to each and every student of the class,and cleared their basics. Sir always gave motivational speeches which is very much needed to stick you focus towards the goal. sir was available for us 24*7, he cleared my doubts whenever i needed, however small the doubt was, sir was always there like a constant support. I still vividly remember his last speech to me &#8220;there are many players who play better than sachin but the difference is Sachin got the platform and they didn't. So lIT and NIT gives you the platform to build you a golden future for yourself'
So cracking Jee is not difficult if you are focused and under the able guidance teachers like Shatru Sir.
Rishav Guha, lIT (BHU), Varanasi
Shatru sir had been an excellent teacher to me. His teaching had helped me overcome my weakness in maths. Moreover, i learned to apply certain shortcuts that are vital for competitive exams like JEE Advanced and JEE Mains. He has a very interesting teaching method and likes to keep the mood light in the class. He was also very helpful towards us and was always available for doubts. He was a great motivation to me.
Surajit Mondal, IISc Bangalore
Your lectures strengthened my concepts & were useful in clearing my doubts. Your method of teaching is too good, earlier I feared of maths but your way of teaching helped me to have a good grip on the subject. Your readiness to help at anytime via mobile, whatsapp etc. was a good approach of clearing doubts because of my lack of availability of time to meet you personally. Your friendly discussions on topics made me involve more & more in maths & helped in clearing basics which helped me in JEE, KVPY maths.
I feel really blessed to have got a great teacher like you.
Shounak Chatterjee, Jadavpur University (CSE)
Shatru sir, if I have to describe your methods in a word then it would be ‘awesome’. What you taught us in two years were enough to remember the whole thing for next 10 years. Sir. your teaching methods. your attitude. your humor. your friendliness are great. If a student, who is afraid of maths follows Shatru sir's method will not only forget his fear but also he will love the subject.
Srijan Biswas, Jadavpur University (CSE)
It has been a few months I joined college after clearing the JEE. During my school days I took coaching classes where I had come across dearest Shatrudha sir. He was not only a teacher but also a friend to all my batch mates and made maths seem like a fun puzzle to solve. He always motivated us to realize our goals and purpose. His classes were honestly the most interesting and effective classes to me in both school and coaching combined. I was really blessed and lucky to have an ideal teacher like him and I whole-heartedly thank him for his contribution.
Saptarshi Majumdar, IISc, Banglore
To,
The teacher who made me love mathematics,
When I passed 10 th standard examination, i was pretty enthusiastic about taking up science, but the enthusiasm started to wear off pretty soon. i was tired from all the hard work and it was not as easy as i thouqht. Then, you shatru sir, carne into my life. you were so energetic, so kind. and you were teaching the subject that i hated most , mathematics. you opened up my eyes sir.. you showed me all the funs. I am grateful to you, sir. thank you for all the efforts you made.
Srinjoy Banerjee, NIT Durgapur
My name is Srinjoy Banerjee. I am very lucky that I got Mr. Shatrudha Prasad as my Maths teacher who was also a very supportive friend. I was an lIT JEE aspirant. He being an IITian inspired me and my batch a lot. He made Mathematics great fun. His way of disseminating knowledge is extremely unique. He motivated us a lot. I am currently studying Metallurgical and Materials Engineering in National Institute of Technology Durgapur. Thank you sir for being my mentor.
Subhasish Sikdar, NIT Durgapur
Shatru sir is the best maths teacher one can have while preparing for JEE. He helped me to understand the concepts very well. His teaching not only concentrated on improving my JEE rank but also ensured that I score good marks in boards as well. The doubt classes he provided, the quizzes and exams he took after completing each chapter boosted me with confidence and helped me to develop a good command on the concepts. He is great mentor cum motivator. He always helped me out whenever i needed. Thank u sir for all your help.
Soubhik Datta, NIT Durgapur
I, Soubhik Datta student of NIT Durgapur would to like to tell a few sentences about my maths teacher Shatru Sir. First of all sir's way of teaching is truly amazing. His friendly attitude helps endear the students to him. He keeps the atmosphere light in class but all the while never deviating from the maths chapter itself. He completes each chapter in detail and makes sure to show the tips and tricks if there are any. He also managed to solve most of the doubts I gave him which consisted mostly of advanced level questions. But his greatest strength is the way he teaches. He makes sure that there isn't any communication gap between the student and himself. Whatever I scored in the maths section of my exams, I owe it to Shatru Sir. I would suggest any aspiring student to believe in Shatru Sir. He won't disappoint.
Debaditya Saha, Jadavpur University
Today's cut throat competition has paved the way for opening of many coaching centres because every student wants to achieve the optimum results in the limited resources. Hence they take admission in such coaching classes ..  aiming to take admission in the premiere engg. Colleges of India such as IITs .. but following the school and coaching classes is a challenge .. It requires self control, confidence and will power. The main reason for writing this articIe is to allow students choose a
coaching class that they will not regret later .. one of my teachers , Mr. Shatrudha Prasad sir, is the most versatile teacher I have encountered so far, he redefines the methodology of teaching. I can assure you, whoever is reading this. If you follow his instructions and obey them, you will not regret your decision.
Shubham Gupta, NIT Durgapur
When it comes to preparing for IIT-JEE, the role of a teacher becomes very important &#8230; my experience preparing for lIT JEE was a great one. it was full of ups and downs &#8230; I would give a lot of credit of whatever I have learnt in mathematics to Shatru Sir.. he is a teacher who won't let u get depressed &#8230; teacher that keeps an eye on each and every student's weakness .. he did sense when the morale of the class is down and gives motivational lectures to boost us up .. .for him, just teaching was not the key .sensed the ability of students and made them aware of their weaknesses ..
Shatru Sir always treated us like a friend .. I wish he keeps teaching students the way he does ..and doesn't change &#8230;
Swarnadipta Rakshit, NIT Durgapur
The mathematics classes of Shatrudha Sir was one of the best classes I have ever attended. His unconventional teaching approach is at the same time both attractive and conceptual. His unique approach is what makes him special. He was always ready to help me out with my doubts and clear my concepts. He was more of a friend to me than a teacher, a person with whom I could share my problems and who was always ready with a solution. A big thanks to Shatrudha sir for guiding me through a subject which is the backbone of engineering.
Vaibhav Anand, NIT Durgapur
I just wanted to thank you for being there to help me whenever there was any problem in understanding the concept. Your methodology of teaching was a bit different than the other faculties. The best thing was that you considered the students as friends which made the interaction much easier. You taught in a much simpler and easy language which helped in understanding the concepts easily and also pointed out the important forms, formulas and shortcuts. You were never late for any class neither showed negligence to any student but helped in every way possible.
Thank You Sir, for helping me.
Susanta Biswas, NIT Durgapur
It was a truely wonderful experience having Shatrudha Prasad as my maths teacher. His teaching methodology is totally different ,makes you reach out to the core concept of the subject. His very friendly nature makes you put forward all your doubts ,even the silliest one without any hesitation. His inspiring talks always made me push harder and learn.
Debashis Nag, IIT Kanpur
One word when you think of Mr. Shatrudha Prasad is &#8216;Awesomeness'. He tries to connect to the student rather than just teaching. He is more like a companion in your ups and downs. You can ping him anytime and with any kind of doubts, he helps his best with his wonderful smartness. He tries his best to make Mathematics flow in your bloodstream. Be it shortcuts, acronyms or smart solution to tough lengthy problems, he puts every method in just one jar so that we can grab our maximum. Learning from him is fun. I am extremely thankful to him for his guidance and care. His teaching methodology is unique. Although being extremely excellent in academic teaching he also focusses on morals through his motivational lecture. Due to his precious words of knowledge that he shared with me I am today enjoying my life to the fullest in the best college of the country. Thanking him once again.
Prabhakant Pranay, Jadavpur University (CSE)
I was introduced to Shatru sir in class 12. He taught us maths. He is more a friend than a teacher. He made the subject fun and interesting and so much easier to understand with his style of teaching. I looked forward to his class each day with so much enthusiasm. I wasn't really good at the subject in class 11 but with Shatru Sir's guidance I was able to get a strong hold on the subject and score quite well in my exams. I can confidently say that whatever I have achieved is due to his faithful and unwavering determination. Whenever I came to him with a doubt in the subject or infact anything in general he was quick to help with the problem to the best of his efforts which was honestly more than I could have asked for. Thank you very much sir for everything you did for me. I shall always be grateful to have had you as a mentor.
Rohit Majumdar, IIEST Shibpur
I was an engineering aspirant and joining Shatrudha sir's classes was one of my best decisions!!! I aspired to become part of some of the best colleges in India and I always was a pretty good student but I lacked the edge. That edge which would help me in emerging from the tough competition. At the end of class 11, I came to know about our beloved Shatrudha Sir and his reputation preceded him! So, I instantaneously contacted him and joined his classes and did he live upto his promises. He taught a tricky subject like maths in such a fun and engaging way that almost everybody in the class started enjoying maths big time. He was always the first one to address all of our problems and made sure that we never had any doubts in the tricky concepts. He was always there for me as a teacher and as an elder brother too. His constant motivation and suggestions further helped me to increase my efforts during the last few months before the exams. Moreover, the way he reaches out to help everyone shows his willingness to make everyone follow the right path. All in all, sir made maths FUN and he is one of the BEST teachers I have ever seen! I really thank you, sir for teaching me this wonderful subject maths, wonderfully. I express my gratitude to you sir, for helping me succeed !!!!!
Saptarshi Ghosh, Jadavpur University
Sir, I feel forever indebted to you. You have been more than a teacher to me. You have been simply phenomenal when it comes to teaching whether it’s teaching concepts or practicing concepts you have been simply amazing. Maths is no doubt the hardest and the trickiest of the three subjects in JEE is a real challenge to students, your teaching has helped not only me but also all of our fellow students achieve wonders. I am proud to say to my friends that Satru sir has taught me, and my friends be like &#8216;wow'. Your way of teaching is indeed amazing and I absolutely loved every minute of your classes. It has been an honor.
Sayan Sinha, IIT-Kharagpur
I am currently pursuing B. Tech. 1st year at lIT Kharagpur. It would have been impossible for me to clear JEE Advanced 2016 without the help of Shatrudha Sir. In the year 2014, I was lucky to have him as my Mathematics teacher. The teaching methodology he used made me develop a liking for the subject from the very first day itself. He started with the basics and taught us everything in an organized and presentable manner. This made it very simple to grasp to the concepts quickly. He made us solve a few problems from every topic and always provided us alternate solutions wherever applicable. His classes were full of energy, enthusiasm and fun. At the doubt clearing classes, he helped me understand how to solve problems with an objective approach. Shatru Sir was always available to assist and inspire me. He kept motivating me to reach my target and kept assuring me to have confidence in myself.
Soumalya Biswas, IIEST Shibpur
Hello sir, a little message from ur &#8220;Munna&#8221;- You are my best maths  teacher ..You made the toughest sums so easy to understand for me ..Your 2 hrs class seems just 30 mins ..You have given extra times for my doubt to be cleared. Aapka mazak mazak mein padane ka style mujhe bahut a66a lagta hain &#8230; Bahut kuch sikha aapse…Mere jaisa maths hater became a maths lover after your teaching &#8230; Your problems helped me so much in JEE and other competitive exams. You encouraged every students very much to crack JEE. Thank you so much and I am very lucky to have a teacher like You.
Soumyadip Dutta, Jadavpur University
Shatru Sir….i think i better not use the last word because since the last three years that i know him this word is quite insignificant. Teacher must be your best friend he is the proper proof of the statement. Maths was one of my strengths but it was only after meeting him that i started loving the subject. in these last three years there has not been a single day when i have not interacted with him and i felt that he was always beside me when i am in a problem. his teachings inspired me to do something in my life. he inspected my weaknesses not only in maths but in all the subjects.He has been with me through all the ups and downs and when my parents lost their faith in me. Through these three years he has actually been like my elder brother and hence i am feeling very happy to say that it is only because of him that i am studying in one of the top colledges.
Sounak Ray, lIT Guwahati
Shatru sir taught us maths in class 11. The very first class of sir was a very special one because he did not teach us different concepts but taught us the most different thing which all teachers avoid, what is life and what to make out of it. I do not remember sir's lectures because of the way he made difficult topics easy through delightful explanation but how he used to explain life through those problems. He presented infront of us the entire scenario of JEE which helped me strengthen my preparation which was already brimming with sir's class notes and different problems. One thing I did learn was maths would never be the same again without Shatru sir.
Sumit Kumar Singh, IIT Kharagpur
Teaching focused more on explaining concepts than rote learning.
Shatru Sir, our maths teacher taught us very well and cleared all or doubts. He inspired us to do well. With a bit of hard work and dedication, I was able to secure an excellent rank in JEE. I owe my success to Shatru Sir. Thank You !
Abhrojyoti Sen, Jadavpur University
A well demanding Shatru sir’s class was a confidence-built factor among students that made me to join at the end of class 11. First thought it was too late above all was too weak in mathematics. Shatru sir motivated and slowly made this subject grew more attractive to me. He has a unique way of making tough questions easier. This helped me a lot and above all. He is not only a best teacher but also as an admirer for this approach toward every student. He also kept the class active by his sense of humor and always knew our feelings and gave the right advices. And his advice of how to study, helped me not only to overcome my fear of maths but also to improve my other subjects and even helping me now. His huge set of questions helped us understand the subject best. And above all his continuous tests online or offline helped us know our strengths and weakness. During the lockdown he kept us all motivated so that we do not divert from our focus. Lastly, I want to say that Shatru sir is a true reflection of the saying “A teacher affects eternity. he can never tell where his influence stops”.
Anagh Dutta, NIT Trichy
As a general merit student I took science after class 10 based on my interest. In class 11 I wasn't that much familiar with JEE. After coming to class 12 I got motivation to crack JEE but that was too late. I joined Shatru sir's classes when there were only 6 months left for Jee exam, as I was struggling with Math too much. Here I first found my potential to crack Jee with the guidance of Sir. Sir is not only a teacher but a friend in bad times. Sir's teaching style would always make me attracted towards board. Exams ,taken by sir at the starting of every classes helped me to come out from exam fear. His problem solving skills to manage the time made me familiar to Jee math portion.I started loving maths here and due to my late joining sir gave me extra classes as much as possible. Also before Jee whenever I asked him for a doubt session he gave me time for this. At last I landed in a dream NIT through JEE and I think it was possible only for such guidance from sir. Even at lock down period he took regular classes , discussion sessions,  exams to keep us motivated. The 6 months, I stayed with his classes will be memorable for me , as it helped me to get a breakthrough in my life by making me into top NIT of India, my dream. Therefore I think him to be one of the idol of my life. Thank you sir!!!!
Aniket Sanyal, Jadavpur University
Enrolling in Shatru Sir's classes was one of the best decisions that I made during my JEE journey. Mathematics became not just doable but also interesting under him. His graphical / diagram based approach to problems strengthened concepts way more than a formula based approach. In addition to covering the entire breadth of the syllabus, he taught us short tricks in almost every chapter that tackled generic problems in a jiffy. We were given problem sheets in every single class, and giving tests became a routine. He impressed upon us the concept on performing in an exam environment, which is far different from casual and comfortable solving of questions. There was a healthy competition in his classes, and he held long and frequent doubt solving and revision classes. In the last few months before exam, he installed a revision sprint, which was a key revision factor, and re-vitalized any forgotten concept/formula. Shatru sir is an amazingly approachable person, and he constantly supported me through my journey, sharing my academic burden, keeping regular tabs on my performance, and even assisted everyone during the counselling procedure. He focused a lot on solving individual doubts, and entertained everyone's approach to a problem. It was a privilege and joy to attend his classes.
Amitava Roy, IIT Kgp
From struggling in math in the beginning of class 11 to loving it by the end of my JEE preparation was a crucial factor in achieving my JEE rank and Shatru sir was one of the major reasons behind this change. His extremely target-oriented yet at the same time fun loving way of teaching was a pleasant change from other teachers. His unlimited set of problems and short tricks helped me in breaking down complicated problems into simpler parts and solving them. Apart from being a great maths teacher, he is also an extremely motivating and inspiring mentor to have. Even during the toughest times, especially during the pandemic when all classes were closed down and exams were delayed, he kept us motivated and continued to take online classes and exams every week. He is very easy to approach and all my classmates including myself felt very comfortable around him and he always cleared our doubts even if they are trivial. Being his student has helped me in my holistic development , not just academically. Thank you Shatru Sir for being a constant support throughout these 2 years.
Ankit Guha, IIT Guwahati
It had been really worth joining SKCCareer  . Shatru Sir has been very supportive and motivating throughout. His teaching methodology, friendly attitude and easy accessibility gradually made me fall in love with maths. His well proven strategies and various shortcut methods for a problem have been the secrets of me finishing my exams before the stipulated time. Regular online tests provided me an opportunity to assess myself even during this unprecedented covid situation. Systematic doubt clearing sessions provided by Sir capacitated me to crack the exams successfully. I owe my success to Shatru Sir.
Anurag Jana, Jadavpur University
I joined Shatru sir's classes in 11th.Even though math had never been my strong forte, Sir's lessons and guidance at every step, made me capable to score quite good marks in the subject in various competitive exams. Sir's teaching methods were excellent and worked perfect for me, multiple approaches to the same problem were always encouraged. Shatru sir with his always cool attitude, never let the 4 hour long classes get boring. Occasional jokes and motivational lectures always lifted our spirits. Syllabus completed way before the exams , followed by multiple revisions and tests made us confident and exam ready.
Anurag Ray, JU CSE
Sir you have a unique way of simplifying difficult and lengthy problems. You have your own inventory of formulae and intermediate results which can reduce sum lengths considerably. He has taught us to break down a long question into simpler components which can be solved quickly and easily. Sir has been a guide and a great friend during times of distress especially the lockdown . A person with whom one can share all their problems. He is someone who can fill you with positivity in the most challenging situations. A very jovial person who never lets the enthusiasm of his students drop during class. Never a boring class with you sir. A hard taskmaster who pushed us to the maximum and also gave his best in every session. He solved our doubts and answered all our queries whatever their nature would be.He also helped us increase our speed by taking tests regularly under high time pressure. His tests were a close simulation of the exact scenario during WBJEE and other exams.His question collection, doubt solving and constant support were instrumental in my success. Thank you sir for all you have given us.
Anushka Chatterjee,IIT Kharagpur
Shatrudh Sir has been the greatest help in my two years of preparation for entrance exams. I can never thank him enough for motivating me every time I lost confidence. He explained each concept and solved my doubts with a lot of patience irrespective of the number of times I asked! Even during lockdown period when I was losing the energy he boosted my preparation by conducting online classes and exams. His student-friendly attitude makes him so approachable. The techniques he taught us like making the wise selection of questions to attempt during exam helped to score marks in the limited time span. Shatru sir I shall forever be grateful to you for bringing this result out of me and being such a constant support through out.
Arka Sinha, ISI Kolkata
I joined Shatru Sir's classes in December to attend the problem solving classes for JEE mains and advanced and to give mock tests for the same. Though I joined very late, but Shatru sir helped me a lot in improving my maths.I didnt know many tricks required for JEE Advanced which I did get to know in his classes .His mock test were decently balanced and designed very efficiently and I must say,I learnt time management and the jugaad methods while attempting them. After each such mock test he kept about clearing classes the same day. During this long and demanding time of 4months he conducted many concept revision classes and online mocks which helped a lot. He always motivated us to perform better. His classes also helped me crack ISI B.Stat examination. Even after the exams were over, he helped me whenever I asked for, epecially when I was in a dilemma between choosing my college.I will always be grateful to him. Thank You so much Sir.
Arkaprava Manna, NIT Durgapur
Shatrudha Sir has been one of the greatest teachers and persons I have met in life. I joined sir's classes in 11 when I was having a hard time with maths and immediately after few days in classes, I started to improve bit by bit. Sir taught the concepts well, took tests daily before classes and also solved problems from basic to advanced levels and discussed them. Even during the pandemic sir took regular online classes and took online tests so that we can understand where we stand wrt our preparation.
I would like to thank him for working so hard for us and helping and motivating us towards our goals and success in life.
Sir also has a calm and amusing nature and our classes were always light hearted with sir's jokes and involvement in the fun of the students.
It was great studying under you , I will always be thankful.
Bishwayan Sarkar, IIT Kgp
I joined Shatru Sir's classes for JEE 2020. Shatru sir is a great teacher and like a friend, he used to understand and solve any difficulty we are facing in a topic. Since i joined his class in Dec 2018, I was weak in certain topics of Class-11,so he gave me individual classes to strengthen my weak points. HE solved all my doubts before scheduled classes. The chapterwise tests after completion of each topic really helped us to get a good grasp on the chapter. Even if i had a minute doubts, i used to call sir and he readily cleared the doubts. The practice sheets of mixed topics were really helpful before the exams. Initially, i had problems in the management of 3-hrs tests, Shatru sir heard my problem and gave an analysis on how i should attempt the paper. It really helped me in the final exams. Shatru sir's last moment tips before each exam were motivational enough to help me crack exams like WBJEE, JEE Main, and JEE Advanced. He is a constant inspiration for any student appearing for any competitive exam. Thank you Shatru sir for helping me in cracking IIT JEE and other competitive exams.
Biswayan Mitra , Jadavpur University
Shatru Sir is one of those rare individuals who is able to teach a topic that students enjoy so much they often don’t realize how much math they are learning. In the classroom, Shatru Sir's teaching approach boosts students’ confidence because they’re learning topics which they are immediately made to put into practice through tests.
In the time I have been in that classroom, classes had never felt like a chore to me. He's a friend and a guide second to none whose enthusiasm is contagious. Thank you for everything it is that you have done from teaching to guiding and beyond.
Anuvab Sen, IIEST Shibpur
Shatru sir has been a great mentor and motivator since I joined his classes at start of class 11.His unique way of teaching and interactive classes made me fall in love with maths. Sir's regular one to one doubt clearing sessions have helped clear all my doubts during the preparation.
I feel I would not have been as clear with my concepts and as prepared if it were not for Shatru Sirs immense contribution, especially during the period of lockdown where he motivated us to keep our aim and remain focused by taking regular classes and practice tests during the tough period!
I see him not only as a teacher but as a guide and more importantly as a lifelong friend.
Bitan Banerjee, Jadavpur University
Growing up, I was not one of those motivated and guys who had an aim to reach somewhere in life but the person who is literally, responsible for my growth is none other than Shatru sir.
The amount of love, time, energy and focus he gives, is exemplary. His methodology of teaching is so fabulous that everything just sticks into  your head.  He is the friend, philosopher and guide you need in the most difficult times of your life . His motivational lectures will make you work hard,even after a tiring day. And most importantly, he is the person who knows both your weaknesses and strengths. So beware!
I really can't thank him enough for the constant guidance and support.
Koustav Panda, BITS Pilani
I joined shatru sir's class from class 11. From the beginning he was always there for us . His unique way of approaching a sum and the infinite collection of sums helped us a lot during the examination. His friendly nature made him easily approachable. Even during the lockdown when I was loosing confidence he kept me motivated . His regular classes and time bound practise sessions always kept us prepared for any obstacles in our examination. Without him my dream wouldn't have been fulfilled. Thank you sir for motivating me and helping me achieve my dream.
Krishnol Sen, Jadavpur University
I have studied Maths in Class 11 and Class 12 under Shatru Sir. I feel that attending Sir's classes is a real source of pleasure and joy. During our preparation, Sir has provided us with unlimited sets of questions. His methodology of teaching involves breaking down of the question into simpler parts, solving each of them and then assembling them to completely solve the question. His mentorship helped me to tackle each and every problem with great ease. It is Sir's friendly attitude towards his students that sets him apart from other teachers. During the Covid-19 pandemic, when the entire nation was in a complete lockdown, it was Sir who kept us on our toes with intense practice sessions, online exams and classes. It is difficult to find a teacher with the personality and calibre of Shatru Sir. Thank You Sir for being a constant source of support and inspiration.
Enakkhi Saha, IIEST Shibpur
The journey with Shatru sir throughout classes 11 and 12 has truly been memorable. His unique way of keeping us motivated all the time and being open with us whenever we faced difficulty in academics or in our personal progress makes him more of a friend to us than a teacher. His endless practice papers boosted my confidence and prepared me for any type of problem that i might face in the exam. The regular class tests that he conducted were an absolute game changer as it kept me from having any backlogs in maths and taught me to manage the time efficiently. Shatru sir has supported me whenever I felt down, talking to me about various ways to improve myself and keep moving forward with confidence. I can never thank sir enough for constantly guiding me out and being such an inspiration in my life!
Kushnava Singha, NIT Trichy
Shatrudha Sir is not only a teacher par excellence but also a great motivator. He infuses immense confidence, self-esteem and zeal. Regarding his method of teaching, I personally feel that attending his classes is really a pleasurable experience any student hardly wants to miss. His lucid and interesting way of teaching really helped me in grasping the concepts and dealing with wide range of problems more confidently and efficiently. The study module, designed by Shatru Sir, is meticulously compiled and structured. It provided us enough practice on different topics with diverse level of difficulties to achieve necessary preparedness. Sir is also approachable beyond normal classroom. He always pay heed to students problems. He listens to their queries very minutely and guides them through with proper explanations and suggestions.
Another facet of his personality worth a special mention, is his cool and calm demeanor which is bound to permeate into student's mindset. In fact, it helps me keeping my composure during examinations.
Thank you Sir for all your blessing and teachings  encompassing academic lessons and beyond.
Raunak Bhattacharya, JU
I joined Shatru Sir's tuition for two years course. I had just cleared boards and almost had no knowledge of how to prepare for JEE. Shatru Sir has guided me from that zero level. His precise worksheets, methodology has taught me how to approach a question. He was ready to clear the doubts always. I could not realise when I got familiar with the topics I had always feared. He has been my motivation for whole year. Undoubtedly he is the best teacher I have came across. Even during this lockdown period during the covid-19 pandemic he used to guide us regularly with tons of sheets. Truly he has been my &#8220;Game Changer&#8221; and I truly thank him for his support and care. I could never come this far without him.
Swaraj Sehgal, Jadavpur University
I had joined Shatru sir in the middle of class 11. In the very first day I was won over by him not just by his exemplary teaching technique but also the fact that he treated me like a younger brother. In spite of his busy schedule, he would give me time for extra classes so that I could cope up with the syllabus. The simple, interesting manner in which he would explain advanced concepts by pictorial representation of ideas and the way he would lift the environment with his humour made the 6 hour long classes that he would initially give me not tiring but something which I enjoyed a lot and would wait for. He would make us try solving the most interesting advanced problems of all topics and would discuss all solutions as well as teach us more innovative tricks to deal with them in the exam. He made us do excercises in time bound form so that we developed the sense of time management. He would take regular tests on all topics taken individually as well as in groups and would personally discuss with each of us every way we could improve. Shatru sir is much more than a professional teacher. He is a mentor, a motivator and a spiritual guide for all of us. He is a great person to discuss and strategise your plans with, he would always motivate me with his sense of practicality and optimism. Shatru sir has been a great support for me in two very crucial years of my life. Mathematics has always been my favourite subject and I am sure I could have never enjoyed it better anywhere than I did at Shatru sir's classes.
Ribhav Dey, IIT Kharagpur
Shatru sir has always been a nice mentor and a great teacher,but apart from that he has always been a great friend to me.He not only explained each and every topics in great depth but also made us practice good level questions which helped a lot in understanding the topics.Shatru Sir served as a mentor and he invigorate enthuiasm and motivation in me.He also kept the mood of the class light by cracking jokes.Shatru sir's last minute advise also helped me and kept me motivated before the exam.I am really grateful to have a teacher like Shatru sir and I want to thank him for all he had done.
Richik Sarkar, IIT Kharagpur
I have never met in my life another teacher as motivating and friendly as Shatrudha Prasad, or Shatru Sir, as we call him. He makes every mathematical concept, especially the complex and seemingly abstract ones, feel like an everyday thing. He gives analogies which can help anyone understand any concept, no matter how hard it is.
Shatru Sir was a constant source of motivation through-out my JEE preparation days. The endless sheets of problems and books filled with formulae, examples and more problems can look daunting to any human, especially a teenager. But Shatru Sir made sure we found joy in the Mathematics of the problems, and understood the concepts, rather than just solve sheets to score marks in an exam.
The most important thing that Shatru Sir taught us was how to approach a question paper, and what kind of mindset we must have in the examination hall. And these teachings have helped me not only in exams, but also in life. Lastly, Shatru Sir has inspired me to not take much stress in life. We should tackle every problem, whether in exam or in life, with a smile on our face. I hope one day I can be as great of a person, and friend as Shatru Sir.
Ritodeep Sikdar, Jadavpur University CSE
Shatru sir taught me from class 11 and from the first day what struck me as unique is his ability to connect with students at a personal level. He used to give lots of practice question papers and timed test which were exam specific, meaning there were different practice sets for mains, wbjee and advanced. He would assign doubt class sessions in between his other classes and talk us through the specific short cut methods to solve sums quickly. Apart from study related matters, sir is always very friendly and approachable for any kind of problems which students face in the stressful 2 years.
Sir guided us in setting exam strategies based on our personal strengths and talked us through phone calls at almost any time of the day to get over the pre exam tension. I am very thankful to get his guidance and be his student. If u want someone who would teach you mathematics, motivate you and act as a friend then shatru sir is your one stop destination.
Manishka Mukhopadhyay, IIT Kharagpur
I joined Shatru Sir’s Maths classes for JEE 2020. He is not just a teacher but also a mentor and friend. His classes were something which I would always look forward to. With an infinite collection of quality problems he got us accustomed to a wide variety of problems. Time bound practice sessions; a quick and smart way of solving tricky questions and his friendly demeanour sets him a class apart and helped me improve both my speed and accuracy. During the lockdown he kept us motivated and held regular classes and online exams to keep us in practice. He helped us and kept us motivated and stress free till the end of the line. He is always accessible for clearing doubts and boosting our self confidence. I cannot thank him enough for what he has done for me.
Paritosh Sarangi, IIT KGP
Shatru sir taught me in class 11 and class 12. Sir is an awesome teacher and mentor, he can solve the most complicated if problems by breaking them into smaller simpler sums. No sum seems difficult when sir starts solving. His regular time bound exams and practice sheets helped me in increasing my speed and also strengthened my grip on the concepts. Sir was more like my elder brother who was always ready to help me and motivate me when I performed bad in the tests.His &#8220;Be positive&#8221; attitude really helped me during my preparation. I have really benefitted from sir's constant guidance and phenomenal teaching.
Raj Rai, Jadavpur University
Shatru sir classes were addictive; i used to struggle with maths but when i began studying under his guidance i enjoyed the subject and i felt i can improve and really grasp difficult topics
I lost my fear of mathematics and it was a great confidence booster for my preparation.
He is and will always be  like a moral compass pointing in the direction of our success academically and personal wellness.From WBJEE 6000 ranker in my first attempt, to getting into Jadavpur university with 829 gmr, a lot of it owe to Shatru Sir.
Lastly, please don't judge him by his name , he is &#8221; shatru &#8221; of students fear anxiety and hopelessness.
Rajdeep Kundu, Jadavpur University
I joined Shatru Sir's classes in class 11. I liked Maths, so sir's classes were a boon. Classes were always fun. Sir's wit and humour kept classes alive, but he made sure no stone was left unturned in teaching. He was more than just a teacher to me. He'd be glad to help out with any problem, academic or personal. He'd arrange one to one doubt classes and extra classes whenever possible to help us out. He kept motivating us in class and you could always talk to him if you had doubts about your preparation. Before the exam season, the frequent tests helped out a lot. I owe a lot of my success to him. Even after results I had contacted him about my branch preferences and he was glad to help out. I really am glad I got a seat in JU and I'd like to thank Sir for his contribution in that.
Rayaan Ghosh, Jadavapur University
I really enjoyed having Shatru Sir as a teacher and a mentor.I learned so much and was not at all bored during class because they were always engaging and fun for me with never a full moment. Shatru sir's teaching methodology is one of a kind with loads of interaction between the teacher and the students! His motivational speeches never failed to cheer me up. Thanks to him for making learning fun. Thank you Shatru Sir for creating such a great environment to learn and where we were encouraged to express our own thoughts and opinions.
Prateek Ganguli, Calcutta University, CSE
Having Shatru sir as my maths instructor gave me the boost in my exam preparation that I needed. The way he taught us difficult topics, while combining wit and humour in his lectures, made learning maths fun. I was able to improve my problem solving capability, thanks to the innumerable sums that sir made us practice, in addition to the one-to-one doubt clearing sessions that he took before each class. Sir would often give us motivational lectures to make us hold onto our grit and determination. Moreover, the personal advice that he gave me regarding my preparation and college aims went a long way in helping me to focus my energy in the right direction. Thank you sir, for being the best mentor that I had!
Rudrajit Pal, BITS PILANI, Pilani (EEE)
All throughout my preparation for various multiple engineering exam, Shatru sir has not only been my mentor but also my best friend. The journey was tumultuous, but every time I felt demotivated and defeated it was Shatru Sir who eased things out and showed me the way out. The most difficult of topics felt so interesting and fun when Shatru Sir was around. With continuous exams in almost every single class, the exam hall temperament was build way before I even realized myself. Whenever I had a doubt, a query, or a problem and academics or personal life Shatru Sir has helped me out every single time and helped me stay focused. Lockdown was a difficult phase for all the students, but with regular lectures and test through online platforms he made sure that we retain our focus and determination. With motivational lectures and friendly discussions, even in online mode the class seemed so lively and interactive. It was wonderful to have a person like Shatru Sir all throughout the journey. And unarguably I owe him most of my success today and without him I honestly wouldn't have been able to pull off this far. Thank you so much Sir for being there with us and supporting us all throughout !!!
Ryan Biswas, BITS Pilani
I started preparing for my engineering entrances from class 11 and right from the very beginning Shatru Sir was with us. His unique way of guiding and motivating always kept us ready to face challenges in our journey. His unique way of teaching helped us understand all the difficult concepts easily. He made sure we had enough practice and always kept us on our toes with regular exams. The atmosphere in his class was very happy and I thoroughly enjoyed attending each of his classes. Even during the covid-19 crisis, he made sure we didn't lose our focus and made sure we had our revision by giving us long classes. Without him, my dream would have remained a dream. Thank you so very much sir.. I was truly lucky to have you as my maths teacher.
Samahriti Mukherjee, ISI Kolkata
It is not an easy task to make your dreams real if there is not a proper guide,mentor,friend and a teacher beside you who will always make your way to dreams easy and visible and when everyone tells you that you can't do anything,the one who will always believe you more than you and on whom you can believe more than yourself. For me the person is Shatru sir. I joined his classes when I was in 11 and he used to clear each and every concept very deeply. When you can't understand any concept you can ask him again and again and he never gets angry. He cleared each and every doubt whenever I asked, no matter wheather it was midnight. He gave modules, sheets,books and also took tests every week by which I could understand my weakness and talked with my sir about that in a regular interval. Long hours of paper discussion and quick intelligent ways to solve sums really helped me in mcq part. Also solving problems cleared all my concepts and that's why I could do well in subjective part too. I have given my ISI exam with full concentration and confidence which I have never done before in my life and for which I must thank Shatru sir. No matter how many times I thank him, it won't be enough. Thanks for always motivating me, believing in me and giving me courage. I don't know what could I have done without you in my life sir. I am so much thankful to you sir.
Satyaki Maity, Jadavpur University
Shatrudha sir, i.e. shatru sir, as we call him, has influenced me the most. I regard him as my ideal teacher. He treats them as his own children. He teaches them with love and affection. His informal method of teaching is very good.
I started my journey from 10th standard. I was a student from Bengali medium, West Bengal board. Though I was not familiar with english medium classes, he took care all my inabilities and taught me with great dedication, passion and care.
From day 1, I was pleased by his energetic personality. He is always cheerful. His every day's exams were very helpful for preparation of JEE. The sheets of problems, formulae, enough number of examples enreached me a lot. Shatru sir was my source of motivation  for my entrance examinations.
I loved his unique way of teaching. He made very hard questions to an easy question with ease. Shatru sir also made sure that we enjoy doing math rather only getting good marks. He also taught me how to approach a question paper,  what kind of mind state we should have in the examination hall and these things are going with me for the rest of life.
I hope one day I can be as a person and friend like shatru sir.
Satyaki Mitra, Jadavpur University
Shatru Sir&#8230; A man nothing less than a magician&#8230; just lacking the cape and having a pen instead of a wand! It was 2019, when I joined as an absolute failure, clenching to the dream to do something big! A failure in Boards, a mobile digited rank, and a guy with absolutely no depth of knowledge, in almost everything that was required to compete, Shatru sir guided me, like a captain in trying waters! He was there for me, from the very beginning. Never for even a split second letting me realize that I was probably the most underachieved guy in his batch! From 1.4L to 20K, from 4K to 500, he was there no matter what, like a caring father, forcing his son to stand up! He converted my terror for Mathematics into fascination&#8230; into love. His every class was like a journey to decipher the beauty of Mathematics. He helped to stand up! I feel blessed to have met, or rather befriended sir, during the most dark phase of my life, and cursed to meet him so late! In just a matter of 6 months, he changed my life, never even for a second, letting me run dry of motivation. His occasional jokes and lavish treats brought color to the monotonous life of a, so-called below average JEE Aspirant! If not for Him, I would have self-destructed, succumbing to the lack of confidence and self worth. He converted a good-for-nothing dream deprived idiot into a responsible and manly idiot. I had a lot of teachers, but Shatru sir, far transcends the definition of teacher. He is a mentor, a person who helped me to regrow my backbone. I know I have not achieved much, but I have hope! A hope, that someday I will make him feel proud of this idiot. I don't know when, but I will wait. And I will take the memories of our journey together and your warm shoulder that supported to my funeral pyre. Words are too weak to even remotely portray my sense of gratitude for you. But sir, Thank You, for whatever you have done for me.
Shreeja Bhakat, ISI Kolkata
After a year of being into the Jee preparation, I was completely confused and the road ahead seemed to be unclear and blurry. That's when I joined Shatru Sir's classes and from then on Sir was always there to help me. Sir's classes were full of energy, enthusiasm and motivation. He always ensured that we learn each concept well and apply them to solve problems within the stipulated time. He would guide us about the right books to solve, the correct methodology of studying and about anything and everything. I must say that once with Sir, every problem will meet its solution. In short, &#8216;Shatru Sir is just perfect'.
Shreyoshi De, Jadavpur University
I joined Shatru Sir's classes during my drop year. Before joining him, Maths was my weakest subject and now Maths is not only my strongest subject, it is also one of the subjects I love the most. Sir is not only a great teacher, but a true inspiration who motivates his students to move forward and encourages them to improve. His interesting and engaging way of teaching helps to grasp concepts with ease. Multiple practice sheets and regular tests help in mastering each and every topic to the point of finesse. Sir is always available for any doubts. He treats each and every student with individual attention and care. His cool and friendly nature makes him approachale for any problem. I will miss his classes very much. I am very thankful to Sir for guiding me and for being there for me when I needed him the most. Wherever and whatever I am today, is largely because of Shatru Sir.
Shrobona De, Jadavpur University
Shatru Sir is the best guide I ever had. Not only is his way of teaching fun and inclusive, but truly one of a kind. Sir is approachable beyond the classroom, always ready to help at any given hour. No matter how busy he is, he always makes time to clear all doubts. His friendly demeanour makes classes even more interesting. His countless practice sheets and regular tests make each and every topic seem easy. A very positive nature of Sir and his constant appreciation makes me want to be even better.I am extremely grateful to have him as my mentor. Thank you, Sir, for being by my side during the toughest time of my life.
Shubhang Singh, IIT KGP
There were many people who helped me in my journey but Shatru sir was the most special of them. The friendly attitude with which he conducts the classes will make anyone fall in love with maths. From regular doubt solving classes to being accesible even at 2am in the night, there was not one point of time, when he was not available. He was the greatest motivational factor in this entire journey. Even during the pandemic, he didn't let us loose momentum and kept us on our toes by taking regular assesments. Lastly, I would say he would remain the only pleasant thing worth reminiscing in the two arduous years of our life.
Soham Chakraborty, IIT Kharagpur
Hello, I am Soham Chakraborty. I qualified JEE Advanced with AIR 1551 and WBJEE with GMR 131. Satrudha sir has been instrumental in making math extremely easy for me. The way he could explain seemingly complex concepts with relatable examples helped me solve questions faster. Sir would make us practice a lot on a regular basis, which made sure we stayed in touch with all types of questions that could appear in the exam. Sir always focused on speed while solving, which helped immensely on the exam day. Discipline is an important aspect of any competitive preparation and sir's regularity inspired us to be disciplined. Even during the lockdown, sir continued classes through the online medium which helped me continue studies during such testing times. Sir's dedication is something that I will personally take forward with me in life. Sir provided us with plenty of full mock tests that helped me ace my problem-solving skills as well as time management. If there is one place I would suggest for JEE Math, it is this!
Soham Saha, Jadavpur University
I joined Shatru sir's class in September 2018 and that is when I first felt the heat of the vast syllabus of JEE mathematics..but his clear and interesting way of teaching helped me to step into the competition in just a few weeks. Shatru Sir provided us with endless practice sheets and encouraged daily practise which proved to be really helpful during the last few months before the final exams.He held tests every week and arranged doubt solving sessions to help us grasp the concepts better. Sir taught us like a friend rather than like a teacher which I feel is the reason I could breeze through and easily understand all the complex topics he taught. His words of motivation are enough to charge any aspirant up for the game. Shatru sir taught us with the same spirit and motivation during the lockdown period and provided us with constant motivation to keep us from slacking off.
Shatru sir was the reason I was able to stronghold my weak points and step up my game in the heavily competitive scenario. I am forever grateful to him for his guidance and  for the encouragement he provided through my phase as a JEE aspirant.
Soham Sen, IIT Kharagpur
Shatru sir taught me maths from class 11. Not only did he teach us intuitive explanations of different topics and formulas, but he also showed us how to approach a question and solve it fast. He is willing to solve doubts at anytime. One of the best parts of being taught by Shatru sir is that he has a friendly attitude, and always kept the atmosphere cheerful and the classes were kept interesting. Even during the COVID-19 pandemic when the JEE exams were postponed, he continued to teach us online. Due to the postponements, I was losing motivation but still he kept us motivated. Not only did he teach us how to crack questions, he also taught us how to crack exams, like how to allocate time and strategies for various the exams. Thanks to Shatru sir, I was able to join my dream university.  Shatru sir taught me maths from class 11. Not only did he teach us intuitive explanations of different topics and formulas, but he also showed us how to approach a question and solve it fast. He is willing to solve doubts at anytime. One of the best parts of being taught by Shatru sir is that he has a friendly attitude, and always kept the atmosphere cheerful and the classes were kept interesting. Even during the COVID-19 pandemic when the JEE exams were postponed, he continued to teach us online. Due to the postponements, I was losing motivation but still he kept us motivated. Not only did he teach us how to crack questions, he also taught us how to crack exams, like how to allocate time and strategies for various the exams. Thanks to Shatru sir, I was able to join my dream university.
Soham Srimany Jadavpur University
It would be wrong to call Shatru Sir just a teacher, he was a motivator too and it was because of him that I was able to clear the Engineering Exams despite of great competition. He used to keep the class interactive and lively by his jokes. He never allowed us to move our attention from our long-term goal. His unique problem collections backed up by his short tricks to solve them is what makes his teaching so special. He was just like what a teacher should be, not only teaching the students about the subject but also guiding them through their journey. It was his teaching, techniques backed up by his strategies that helped me face all my exams with confidence and clear them with flying colors.
Soumajjal kundu, NIT Durgapur
I joined shatru sir's class at class 12 though i joined late sir tried and worked out every way to solve the topics i was lagging and helped me to completely get its concept, his friendly nature and the  bit of jokes makes the tough problems seems  easy . He motivated us just like an elder brother and never allowed us to lack confidence. He showed not only one but various approach towards the problem .  Sir is the storehouse of sums which gave us a huge opportunity to practice a wide range of sums . His exams taught us how manage time efficiently, sir also helped me to devise stratigies for JEE  as I was slow in solving problems. Even during lockdown he constantly motivated us and took classes regularly  and sir was always there to solve any doubts i fill myself very lucky to have Shatru sir thank you so much sir  for your support and i will always be grateful to you.
Soumik Sen, ICT Mumbai
I am probably the last one in my batch to take admission in a college. When I joined
Shatru sir’s class in class 11 I was aloof of what life had to offer in the upcoming two or
more years. Shatru sir being more than just a teacher of Maths made me realize the tough
competition out there. Whenever I needed anything, whether it were doubts from a sheet,
or fixing and managing my time-table in accordance to all the subjects I had to study or a in
a test in which I scored poorly,Shatru sir was the first person I’d go to. Sir’s friendly attitude,
a different approach to solve problems, never saying no to any doubts is what is the best
thing about him. Even when my competitive exams didn’t work out as planned, sir was the
one who kept asking and motivating me. They say, a great teacher inspired, Shatru sir is that
inspiration I needed and sir will continue to inspire me forever.
Sourodeep Acharya, Jadavpur University
Logon Ko Itna achha DOST  nhi milta, Humko itna achha SHATRU mil gaya. Till class 12 I was one of the most puzzled , confused , tensed persons who used to get frustrated and depressed seeing others solving the PCM questions which I was unable to solve. Then entered SHATRU SIR in my life. He just simply changed my attitude towards Life. He just explained Maths in a super easy way. His regular tests, made this exam-phobiac person a fearless one. Everytime I got depressed, I just used to text him . Everytime he replied &#8221; Rat ko call karo. Baat karte hai.&#8221; And that talk at night again charged me up. I was never a super brilliant kid, but he never ignored me even a little bit. He gives the same priority to all his students. He just transformed this puzzled boy into a confident one. Sorry Sir I could not clear the IIT but one day I will definitely make u proud.
And Thanks Sir again, not  for providing me with a college I can only brag about but providing me with dat hand which is always there to pat me during my hard times.
Srinjoy Ghosh, IIT Roorkee
A &#8220;teacher&#8221; is an understatement for Shatru Sir. He is a three dimensional being - A teacher , a friend and a guide. I joined Sir's institute in class 11 with the hopes of joining an IIT. And now after 2.5 years of fun-filled classes, where having fun went at par with academics, it's safe to say I have been able to fulfill that dream. Sir's fluid technique of teaching the concepts, innumerable sums of all levels of difficulty, various tricks, exam strategies and doubt-clearing sessions were certainly of the upmost help. All-in-all sir is the perfect teacher a JEE aspirant needs. Not to mention sir's motivational speeches which helped us immensely whenever we felt down or were nervous before exams.
Sukrit Chattopadhyay, Jadavpur University
I joined shatru sir's class at the end of my 11th because I started facing some difficulties with the concepts. I was not being able to score well in the examinations especially in maths. But shatru sir's rigorous efforts and love for the subject can make maths easy to understand for anyone. So did to me. From doubt discussion to problem solving and the especially the classes were the most fruitfull  in my jee preparations. The classes were fun filled and he even motivated us on a regular basis more like a friend rather than our teacher. He taught us various approaches to a problem which enhanced our problem solving capabilities. Also the tests he used to arrange at the beginning of each class boosted the problem solving speed significantly. He was always available for solving our difficulties and doubts. Even the online classes at the end of our session,  during the pandemic, were too much interactive, which was the most crucial time for us to remain concentrated. Although I couldn't make it to the IIT but I express my endless gratitude and respect to our beloved shatru sir.
Swarnendu Biswas, IIT KGP
Shatru sir has been more than just a teacher for us. He has always interacted with us in very friendly manner thus we feel comfortable. Sir always gives his 100% effort towards the teaching. Even during the lockdown he held online classes regularly without fail and kept on motivating us when there were uncertainty about when the exam was going to be held.. Sir's way of teaching is also very useful for students who need to learn from basics, and strengthens our concepts. His regular tests on selected topics are also useful for rectifying one's weakness and strength.. I thank Shatru sir for preparing me well for JEE.
Ushasi Das, IIT KGP
2020&#8230;.A year when the corona virus pandemic gripped the globe, the nation went under a complete lockdown, JEE Advanced exam was postponed by around 4 months, everything was in complete turmoil. Amidst all this, there was one personwho kept me motivated, who did not let my preparation go under a lockdown. That person was none other than Shatru Sir. His ability to explain the most difficult concepts in a lucid manner was what i liked the most about him. His huge collection of problems and time bound practice sessions helped me improve both my speed and accuracy. He was the most approachable teacher i have ever met, someone who was always available for clearing my doubts. It is very difficult to find a teacher with the personality and calibre like him. I consider myself very fortunate to have had Shatru Sir as my teacher. Thank You sir !
Vedika Gadia, NIT Surathkal
Before I joined Shatru sir’s classes, maths was a subject that I dreaded the most. The best thing that has happened this year is that sir has helped me fall in love with maths. His love for the subject and his passion for teaching inspire me continuously. He has made maths something to enjoy and look forward to with his way of explaining every concept so easily, and in so much depth. Classes with sir were always fun and interactive and the long classes never seemed tiring to me. There was never a shortage of sums to practice with sir, and following his strategies for studying helped me increase my speed and accuracy in solving greatly. Even during the corona pandemic, when motivation to study was low, sir’s enthusiasm and passion for teaching constantly boosted us up, and it helped us keep consistency in our studies. He was always there to clear doubts and when the exam fear was high, one phone call with sir would boost up my confidence a lot. I think every student who has a chance to study with sir is very lucky as sir is simply the best!
Aaronyak Dewanji, IIT KGP
It was in class 11 when I Aaronyak Dewanji, got enrolled in Shatru Sir’s classes. He is a very motivational and persistent teacher, and was not perturbed by teaching virtually. In fact, I never noticed any difference between Sir’s offline and online classes, I even felt I was sitting in a classroom sometimes. Sir would encourage each and everyone in the class to participate and speak up and he gave individual care to each student’s strength and weaknesses. He made sure that every minute of those Zoom meetings was put to use, and his daily assignments were very helpful. When JEE Advanced got postponed Sir took extra classes and made sure that all his students were not forgetting the concept. My mother frequently told me that I am not IIT material. (And I agreed.) She also used to call Shatrudha sir on the phone and told him about how I didn’t want to study and always played video games. Sir was always very patient in hearing out. Sir convinced my mother that I had the capacity to go to IIT. His exact words were ‘IIT bhejna hai usko’ (We have to send him to IIT). He started pushing me very hard and often called to keep track of how everything was going on. And finally all the motivation and persistence was fruitful. Thank you Sir!
Agnivo Ghosh, IIT Guwahati
I, joined Shatru Sir’s classes in class 11, and the 2.5 years then on turned out to be one of the most memorable experiences of my life.
From the first class itself, Sir’s unique demeanour and friendly nature made it easy for me to approach him at any time regarding any issue, which was even more so during the 1.5 years of lockdown. Speaking of academics, Sir’s way of going deep into the concepts were of great use (specially during E2 classes) as it helped me love the subject more, such is his way of teaching. Without Sir’s guidance, I definitely feel, I would have been unable to achieve decent ranks in JEE MAINS, JEE ADVANCED, WBJEE and BITSAT. Finally, I would recommend my juniors to enroll in Sir’s classes, which would not only help them in their careers, but will also make them a better human being.
Anish Ghosh
I joined Shatru Sir in class-11. This was one of my best decisions I have taken till now.His way of teaching and explaining topics of Maths is very much unique and simple. After taking class for a long time he used to crack some jokes in the middle which refreshes me a lot. He explain complex topics of Mathematics very intuitively and makes sure every student has understood the topic well. The most important thing which helped me the most is his endless collection of problem sheets. The Covid-19 pandemic had disturbed everything but not his classes. He continued our classes in Online mode till the last. Finally, Shatru sir has been a constant motivation to me. Under his keen guidance, I was able to crack exams like JEE Advanced. Although my main focus is to take admission in MBBS course, but cracking JEE Advanced boosted my confidence manifold to crack NEET with a good rank. I will recommend all JEE Aspirants to join Shatru Sir’s Class.
Aritra Kundu, IIT KGP
I joined Shatrau sir’s classes in class 11
th
for IITJEE 2021. After attending the first few of Shatru Sir’s classes, I knew if  I had to study mathematics, I have to learn from him and only him. Shatru sir stood as a strong pillar of support behind me throughout my preparation. After class 11
th
, the government allowed lockdown and Shatru sir was one of the first people to start online classes. Attending online classes are always a difficulty, its easy to get distracted away, no issues, while attending Sir’s classes, sir made sure that none of us was getting bored and frequently called us and kept us on our toes, this made the class a lot interesting to attend. I still remember the days when it was 1:30 am at night and shatru sir was taking our classes, when the world was sleeping, such is the dedication with which sir taught us. I still remember, a week before WBJEE, when I fell ill, I couldn’t give any mock tests for days, and I scored my all time low in that week, I was very tensed about it, upon knowing my condition, Sir was really concerned and told me that “tumhara preparation accha hua haim, exam accha hi jayega”, he told me just two days before the exam. Such was the support I received from sir during my preparation. To sum up, Sir not only did help me to get a seat in IIT Kgp, but also he helped in my overall development. I can’t thank enough to sir for what he did for me during my preparation.
Debaditya Das, IIT KGP
I joined Shatru Sir’s class in class 11. He is not only a great teacher but also an awesome mentor. He has taught each and every topic in depth and has made us practice lots of quality problems; not only that he has also taught how to think and approach a new question, which is very important for exams like JEE Advance. His classes were always very interactive and we were always given the chance to share out ides regarding a particular question. The regular time bound exams and doubt solving sessions were really very beneficial. The best part of him is that he has a friendly nature, which has helped me to approach him at any time, not only just academically.
Even during the pandemic, when we had to switch over to the online mode, he taught in such a way that there was no difference between online and offline. The E2 classes, helped me to improve my problem solving abilities and learn various tricks and techniques. His constant motivation and guidance throughout the entire JEE preparation has helped me crack exams like WBJEE and JEE ADVANCED. I am very grateful to get a teacher like Shatru sir and am thankful to him. Sir has always been a constant source of inspiration and support. More importantly, Shatru Sir is a great human being who is always ready to help anyone. Thank you very much Sir!!
Debadrito Roy, IISc Bangalore
I joined Shatru Sir in class 12 as a confused and unsure 17 y/o. He is literally one of the best teachers I have ever met. He knew exactly what I was capable of and would go above and beyond in terms of effort to help me achieve my true potential. Not only an extremely amazing teacher who made you fall in love with the concepts(One of the Best lectures of JEE Combinatorics in my opinion I have ever attended was his class!!) but also a big brother with whom you can share your life’s personal problems and also joke about things. I would literally call him at random times regarding various “fears” and “stress factors” of mine and he would always give me just the right advice I need in that moment! I truly feel extremely lucky to have met such an amazing teacher/guide/friend!!
Thank you for everything sir!!
Debayan Bera, IIEST, Shibpur
When I first started my JEE journey, mathematics felt dry. It wasn’t fun, till the day I joined the class of Shatru Sir. I was late for the batch by almost 4 months, but from the very onset of my preparation under Sir, I slowly felt Maths transition into my strongest subject. Coordinate geometry scared me, and few months into his classes, it became my favorite topic. That’s the magic of Shatru Sir. Precise class notes, unlimited amount of worksheets, frequent tests- all added up to transform us, the new rookies, into youngsters ready for the JEE battle. And all this happened under the guidance and mentorship of Sir. Throughout my JEE journey, what I found exceptional in him and his classes was his ability to always put stress on strategy and disciplined hardwork, which did finally payoff. And how can I not state about his impeccable humour that made the classes a million times more entertaining! Just starting him as a ‘teacher’ would be a sheer understatement, for he was a friend, a guide and a big brother-all combined into one. And he continues to be so. In the end, I would like to say a small ‘thank you’, cause no matter what I say, the importance Shatru Sir in my life-not only academic but over all-will remain beyond mere words.
Debadrito Roy, IISc Bangalore
I joined Shatru Sir in class 12 as a confused and unsure 17 y/o. He is literally one of the best teachers I have ever met. He knew exactly what I was capable of and would go above and beyond in terms of effort to help me achieve my true potential. Not only an extremely amazing teacher who made you fall in love with the concepts(One of the Best lectures of JEE Combinatorics in my opinion I have ever attended was his class!!) but also a big brother with whom you can share your life’s personal problems and also joke about things. I would literally call him at random times regarding various “fears” and “stress factors” of mine and he would always give me just the right advice I need in that moment! I truly feel extremely lucky to have met such an amazing teacher/guide/friend!!
Thank you for everything sir!!
Deepan Banerjee, IITG
When I joined Shatru Sir in class 11
th
, I was fascinated by his teaching and class interaction he very first day. No one ever felt left out in his class and, even when things went online, I never felt that I was out of the classroom. He always made sure that we completely understood the concept and, then only he moved forward. Learning maths was always fun with him and, his E2 classes provided us with so many extra questions to practice and concepts to learn. Sir’s classes included lot of practice sheets and tests which made sure that we had an absolute understanding of the chapter. Sir also gave us a weekly target of 100 to 150 sums which we had to submit every Friday, this provided us an extra push and helped us in building a consistent problem-solving habit. From a student who did not communicate with teachers at all, I went on to call sir for every problem I had faced in this JEE journey. I can say that he is the kind of teacher whose every saying should be taken as a command. Shatru sir constant extra classes and motivation does kept us going when the exams got postponed. Shatru sir is the best guide you could have in a teacher.
Hricheek Mondal, IIT KGP
I was one of the earliest students of our batch who joined Shatru sir's class back in class 10. I am kind of an introvert who hesitates to talk much but sir's friendly nature helped me to approach him quite easily.Sir's unique way of approaching problems and his step-by-step teaching in theoretical classes really helps in understanding concepts clearly. Often we learned a way simpler method to solve complex probability and P&C sums. Sir comes up with multiple ways to solve a single problem. The long 3-hour classes after school never seemed boring and was often marked with discussion sessions and jokes. The E2 classes gave us that extra boost to problem-solving and time management skills, which were always kept in check through exams every week. The doubt-clearing sessions and the exam specific practice papers also helped a lot in refurnishing our abilities.Even during the lockdowns and times of personal frustration sir always kept me motivated towards my goal. I could freely call sir for his guidance whenever I faced any dilemma. Sir guided me thoroughly during the last 3 stressful years and helped me crack NTSE, WBJEE and JEE Advanced. I feel myself fortunate enough to find such a great mentor. Thank you sir for everything!
Parthib Das, IIT KGP
Shatru Sir taught me for 3 important years of my career. In the beginning I was too shy to ask him questions. Later on, I realised that he is the most friendly teacher one would ever get. I was a fan of his question solving techniques. He solved lengthy sums in just a few steps.  Moreover be listens to our methods or approaches and finds flaws in it; which, I think, only few teachers do.  Not only did he solved our doubts, he also gave advice on our strategy and other life problems. On the day of jee advanced, he was there to help keep a peace and calm mind. Through his continuous help I cleared wbjee, jee main and advanced.  But most importantly, it was due to his amazing teaching style, I can say &#8220;math is my strongest among the other 3&#8221; I would highly recommend any junior to join his class, not only for Joint coaching but also for your life coaching.
Sanbrita Chakraborty
I wanted to become a doctor. But cracking a single all India medical exam wasn’t so easy. So, in +2, I prepared for both medical and engineering exams. But this decision was taken 3 months after the start of the session and I joined Shatru sir’s class in July’19.
To manage my backlog, he arranged 12 extra classes from his packed-up schedule. He always gave his full effort for his students. He clarified all the concepts in a very beautiful manner and his problem solving tactics were amazing. To check whether we were practicing sums at home, he told us to do 100 sums in a week and submit the copy each week. He patiently used to check those copies back at home. He started a batch called E2 batch (Extra Edge) for the ones who had the capability to crack IITJEE. I got selected in second exam and saw his dedication to send each of the student sitting in the classroom to a well-known IIT. He used to help both E2 and non-E2 students equally. Even after the classes, he used to call up students to discuss after their drawbacks. During the lockdown, he was the first teacher to start online classes. During lockdown also, he checked our homework and scolds the one who fail to do. So that his class doesn’t clash with others classes, he used to take extra classes before exam from 11pm till 2am with full vigour.
Preparing for both medical and engineering is not an easy task so getting IEE in JU and Civil in IIT KGP was only possible for Shatru sir. But, I withdrew from both as I successfully cracked my NEET exam and I expect to get chance in one of the top medical colleges in Kolkata, still, I will never forget his effort and enthusiasm for each of his students.
Sevantee Basu, ISI 2021
I joined Shatru sir’s classes for a very brief time (for online cause the journey was difficult from my locality) and I’d say that was pretty unfortunate for me..However, in that short period I grew so comfortable with sir that it’s futile to express it in words.. Sir has always been like a parent to each and every student, nurturing all of us and helping us rectify ourselves academically and mentally.
Learning from Sir is not only like a JEE/WBJEE prep but also like a complete development of perspective towards any competitive exam and also a good chunk towards life. I thank my lucky stars for somehow making sure the great opportunity of knowing this dynamic person was not missed.
Shoilayee Chaudhuri, IIT Roorkee
Summing up in just a few lines, the last 4 years of my journey with Shatru sir, requires herculean efforts on my part. What immediately struck me upon meeting him was the vibrance that seemed to radiate off of him. Which felt too much for a teacher according to my previous experiences. And I was right. He is just so much more than a teacher. A mentor, a guide, a friend, an leader brother and then a teacher. I’ve always enjoyed maths, more or less, but learning from sir was something else altogether. His unique explanations to problems, the huge variety, the constant practice he put us through paired with the humour factor kept me engrossed. There were instances where I came this close to giving up and had he not spent hours motivating and convincing me.. I would have reached nowhere, let alone JU and IIT. I’m sure any student coming in contact with him will benefit in some way. But I was fortified by him. A constant shock-absorber in my constant ups and downs. Sir, you will always remain the person I look up the most to. I owe all positive marks to your love and care and all negative marks to my own disregards. Thank you for everything you have done for me. I’m forever grateful to God knowing that I will always have you with my family to back me up!
Shubhayan Pan, ISI
I joined Shatru sir’s class in class 10, and it was one of my best decisions. His friendly nature helped us to easily approach him and he would pull us out of our problems. He has a nice teaching style paying equal importance to both theory and problem solving.
The E2 batches which were held each week was most beneficial for me. Problem solving mostly took place here. We learnt various important techniques and tricks; the best thing was that all of us were able 2 present our thoughts regarding each problem here which at the end benefitted all. The regular weekly tests held at E2 batch helped us analyze our mistakes and find our loopholes in Maths. He has a great and unique collection of problems that made the class all the more enjoyable. His constant motivation throughout the 3 yrs especially during pandemic helped me to clear ISI Entrance, WBJEE and JEE Advanced. He would constantly keep our performance in check and wd provide us pathways in case of poor performance. At the end of the day he is a very good human being who always helped us in the case of any dilemma. I would recommend all my juniors to join Shatru sir’s class for IITJEE prep and for a good career in future.
Soumyadeep Das, IIT Roorkee
I joined Shatru sir’s class in class 10, and it was one of my best decisions. His friendly nature helped us to easily approach him and he would pull us out of our problems. He has a nice teaching style paying equal importance to both theory and problem solving.
The E2 batches which were held each week was most beneficial for me. Problem solving mostly took place here. We learnt various important techniques and tricks; the best thing was that all of us were able 2 present our thoughts regarding each problem here which at the end benefitted all. The regular weekly tests held at E2 batch helped us analyze our mistakes and find our loopholes in Maths. He has a great and unique collection of problems that made the class all the more enjoyable. His constant motivation throughout the 3 yrs especially during pandemic helped me to clear ISI Entrance, WBJEE and JEE Advanced. He would constantly keep our performance in check and wd provide us pathways in case of poor performance. At the end of the day he is a very good human being who always helped us in the case of any dilemma. I would recommend all my juniors to join Shatru sir’s class for IITJEE prep and for a good career in future.
Soumyadeep Dhar, IIT KGP
I joined Shatru sir’s class in class 11 and I can definitely say that he is more of a best friend and a guide than just a teacher. He was always available whenever I approached him for any problem. His way of teaching is very unique as he starts form the basic concepts and then makes us practice numerous sums of every difficulty level with added shortcuts and tricks for competitive edge. In his classes, having fun went at par with academics and he made sure to complete any doubts we had no matter how late it was or how busy he was. His E2 classes helped me a lot during my JEE Advance preparation and his extra SKCCareer classes before the important exams helped me a lot to get used to the exam pattern. I had a big problem where I used to panic and get nervous during competitive exams but Sir’s regular motivational speeches and personal care helped me a lot when I was having self- doubts regarding my preparation and he made sure to personally come to the exam center to encourage me and stayed with me till the exam started to make sure I wasn’t nervous before JEE Advance. It was only for a mentor like him that I was able to fully enjoy this rather difficult and often depressing JEE journey. Thank you so much sir I’ll forever be indebted to you.
Subhayan Roy Chowdhury, IIEST Shibpur
Teaching difficult Math concepts and being a helpful mentor are individually daunting tasks, but if there is someone who does it impeccably, it is Shatru Sir. From the first day that I joined in Class 11, he was very friendly and open with me, clearing up all my doubts, even ones I didn’t realize I had until he discussed. He has an almost telepathic understanding of us, and gives relevant questions to immediately test our concept clarity, knowing just where we’ll go wrong and guides us accordingly. His classes were always interesting and a fun experience no matter how difficult the topic. Not only is sir a brilliant teacher, he is an equally supportive friend figure, someone with whom I could always share my problems, and his profound advice and motivation is what got me through several bad days. My cousin is already studying under him, and I also highly recommend all the juniors to join him without any second thoughts. After all, he is my real life ‘Jeetu bhaiya’!
Sushmit Dasgupta, Jadavpur, CSE
I joined Shatru sir’s class in class 11 and it has been a memorable journey thereon. He was not just a teacher but a friend, guide and mentor who was always approachable with any query. He motivated and encouraged me to practice and practice. His weekly assignments of 100-150 sums were extremely effective for me for developing speed with accuracy. Learning maths from sir was altogether a different experience. Sometimes his classes became so interesting that we lost track of time. His endless problem sheets, interactive E2 classes even in the midnight paired with humour made the two years of JEE preparation feel like an exciting journey. He was always there when we needed him and trained us meticulously for the exams. Without his support, I could never have been able to manage maths. Thank you sir for all that you have done for me and I will always look up to you as my mentor.
Urmila Banerjee, Jadavpur, EE
I joined Shatru sir’s class in class 11 and it has been a memorable journey thereon. He was not just a teacher but a friend, guide and mentor who was always approachable with any query. He motivated and encouraged me to practice and practice. His weekly assignments of 100-150 sums were extremely effective for me for developing speed with accuracy. Learning maths from sir was altogether a different experience. Sometimes his classes became so interesting that we lost track of time. His endless problem sheets, interactive E2 classes even in the midnight paired with humour made the two years of JEE preparation feel like an exciting journey. He was always there when we needed him and trained us meticulously for the exams. Without his support, I could never have been able to manage maths. Thank you sir for all that you have done for me and I will always look up to you as my mentor.
We at SKCCareer   are committed to provide quality education in a high competitive, congenial and healthy environment along with the best infrastructure.
Quick Links
IIT-JEE Past Year Questions
Online Test Series
Board Exams
Mock Practice Papers for JEE
Testimonials
Contact Us
AD -89, First Floor, (SKCCareer  ) Sector - 1, Salt Lake , Kolkata - 700064
+91 8961655910
Get Connected
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Copyright © 2026 All rights reserved